android.support.annotation.Keep
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: void setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver: WakefulBroadcastReceiver()
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$ItemReceiver
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat
android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat
android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat
android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo
android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver
android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.view.AbsSavedState
android.support.v4.view.AbsSavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.view.AbsSavedState$1
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getTabIndicatorColor()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: boolean getDrawFullUnderline()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getTextSpacing()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getClientWidth()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerElevation(float)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: float getDrawerElevation()
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setScrimColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerListener(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerLockMode(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarBackgroundDrawable()
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: int getNestedScrollAxes()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: float getTopFadingEdgeStrength()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: float getBottomFadingEdgeStrength()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: int getMaxScrollAmount()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setOnScrollChangeListener(android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$OnScrollChangeListener)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setFillViewport(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setSmoothScrollingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: float getVerticalScrollFactorCompat()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: int getScrollRange()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setParallaxDistance(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getParallaxDistance()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setSliderFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getSliderFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setCoveredFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getCoveredFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setPanelSlideListener(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawableLeft(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawableRight(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResource(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResourceLeft(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResourceRight(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorViewAlpha(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setSize(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setOnRefreshListener(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setRefreshing(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setAnimationProgress(float)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeResource(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorScheme(int[])
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorSchemeResources(int[])
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorSchemeColors(int[])
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setDistanceToTriggerSync(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getProgressCircleDiameter()
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.AnalyticsTrackers$Target: com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.AnalyticsTrackers$Target[] values()
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.AnalyticsTrackers$Target: com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.AnalyticsTrackers$Target valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Challenges_Names
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Char_Defeat
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Char_Hit
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Char_Kill
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Char_StaDodged
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Codex_Story
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Death_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Dungeon_Tips
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Fire_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int HeroClass_ClericPerks
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int HeroClass_ElfPerks
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int HeroClass_HunPerks
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int HeroClass_MagPerks
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int HeroClass_RogPerks
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int HeroClass_WarPerks
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Horror_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Hunger_Hungry
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Hunger_Starving
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Instability_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Leech_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Luck_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Paralysis_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Piercing_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Poison_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Potion_Colors
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Ring_Gems
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Scroll_Runes
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Slow_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Stone_Colors
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Swing_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int WandOfFlock_SheepBaa
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int Wand_Wood_Types
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$array: int known_mods
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$attr: int adSize
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$attr: int adSizes
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$attr: int adUnitId
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$attr: int buttonSize
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$attr: int circleCrop
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$attr: int colorScheme
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$attr: int imageAspectRatio
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$attr: int imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$attr: int scopeUris
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_default
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_default
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_full_open_on_phone
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_disabled
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_focused
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_pressed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_disabled
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_focused
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_pressed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$id: int adjust_height
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$id: int adjust_width
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$id: int auto
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$id: int dark
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$id: int icon_only
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$id: int light
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$id: int none
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$id: int standard
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$id: int wide
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$integer: int google_play_services_version
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$raw: int gtm_analytics
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AboutScene_Lnk
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AboutScene_Mail
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AboutScene_OurSite
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AboutScene_Snd
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AboutScene_TranslatedBy
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AboutScene_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AccessoryInfo
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Acidic_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Acidic_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Acidic_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Acidic_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Affection_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AirElemental_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AirElemental_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AirElemental_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AirElemental_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AlarmTrap_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Albino_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Albino_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Albino_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Albino_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AlchemyPot_SelectSeed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AllowStatisticsCollectionScene_Allow
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AllowStatisticsCollectionScene_Deny
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AllowStatisticsCollectionScene_Request
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AllowStatisticsCollectionScene_Title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Amok_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AmuletScene_Exit
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AmuletScene_Stay
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AmuletScene_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Amulet_ACEnd
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Amulet_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Amulet_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ankh_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ankh_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AntiEntropy_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ArmorKit_ACAplly
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ArmorKit_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ArmorKit_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ArmorKit_SelectArmor
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ArmorKit_Upgraded
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Armor_EquipCursed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Armor_Glyph
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Armor_Identify
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Armor_Incompatible
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Armor_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Armor_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Armor_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Armor_Info4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Armor_Info5
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Armor_Info6
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Armor_Info7a
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Armor_Info7b
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Armor_Info8
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Armor_ToString
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ArmoredStatue_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ArmoredStatue_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ArmoredStatue_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ArmoredStatue_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Assets_Prefix
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AzuterronNPC_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AzuterronNPC_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AzuterronNPC_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AzuterronNPC_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AzuterronNPC_Quest_End
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AzuterronNPC_Quest_Reminder
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int AzuterronNPC_Quest_Start
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BadgesScene_Title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_AllBags
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_AllItems
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_AllPotions
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_AllRings
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_AllScrolls
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_AllWands
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_BossSlain1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_BossSlain1All
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_BossSlain2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_BossSlain3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_BossSlain3All
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_BossSlain4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_Champion
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_DeathFalling
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_DeathFire
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_DeathGas
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_DeathGlyph
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_DeathHunger
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_DeathPoison
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_FoodEaten1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_FoodEaten2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_FoodEaten3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_FoodEaten4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_GamesPlayed1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_GamesPlayed2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_GamesPlayed3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_GamesPlayed4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_GoldColleted1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_GoldColleted2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_GoldColleted3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_GoldColleted4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_GrimWepon
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_HappyEnd
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_Immured
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_ItemLvl1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_ItemLvl2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_ItemLvl3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_ItemLvl4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_LevelReached1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_LevelReached2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_LevelReached3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_LevelReached4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_Lich_Slain
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_MasteryCombo
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_MonsterSlain1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_MonsterSlain2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_MonsterSlain3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_MonsterSlain4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_Nidhoggr_Slain
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_NightHunter
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_NoMonsterSlain
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_Piranhas
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_PotionsCooked1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_PotionsCooked2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_PotionsCooked3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_PotionsCooked4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_RareAll
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_RingHaggler
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_RingThorns
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_ShadowLord_Slain
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_SpiderQueen_Slain
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_StrengthAttained1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_StrengthAttained2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_StrengthAttained3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_StrengthAttained4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_Supporter
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_Victory
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_VictoryAll
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_Yasd
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Badges_Yog_Slain
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bag_ACOpen
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bandit_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bandit_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bandit_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bandit_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Barkskin_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bat_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bat_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bat_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bat_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bat_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BattleAxe_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BattleAxe_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BattleAxe_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Beer_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Beer_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Beer_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Beer_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Beer_Info4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Beer_Message
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Beer_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Belongings_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BlackSkull_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BlackSkull_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BlackSkull_Info_Awakened
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BlackSkull_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BlackSkull_Name_Awakened
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_Blood1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_Completed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_GetLost
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_Gold1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_LooksBetter
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_Txt2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_Txt3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_Txt4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_Verify1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_Verify2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_Verify3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_Verify4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_Verify5
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blacksmith_Verify6
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BlankScroll_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BlankScroll_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BlankScroll_ReallyBlank
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bleeding_Death
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bleeding_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Blindness_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BoiledBeer_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BoiledBeer_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Boomerang_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Boomerang_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Boomerang_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bounce_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bow_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bowknot_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Bowknot_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Brute_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Brute_Enraged
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Brute_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Brute_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Brute_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Brute_StaEnraged
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BurningFist_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BurningFist_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BurningFist_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int BurningFist_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Burning_Burns
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Burning_Death
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Burning_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Capotain_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Capotain_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Caves_TileDescBookshelf
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Caves_TileDescDeco
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Caves_TileDescEntrance
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Caves_TileDescExit
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Caves_TileDescHighGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Caves_TileGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Caves_TileHighGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Caves_TileWater
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosArmor_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosArmor_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosBow_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosBow_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosBow_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_ArmorFused
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_BowFused
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_Fuse
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_Info_1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_Info_2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_Name_1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_Name_2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_Prompt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_ScrollFused
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_SelectForFuse
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_StaffFused
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_SwordFused
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosCrystal_Use
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosStaff_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosStaff_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosStaff_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosSword_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosSword_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChaosSword_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_OutParalysis
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_SmbMissed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_StaAmok
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_StaBleeding
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_StaCrippled
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_StaDizzy
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_StaFrightened
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_StaInvisible
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_StaMind
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_StaParalysed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_StaPoisoned
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_StaRooted
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_StaSlowed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_StaVision
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Char_YouMissed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChargrilledMeat_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ChargrilledMeat_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Charm_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Chasm_Chasm
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Chasm_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Chasm_Jump
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Chasm_No
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Chasm_Yes
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int City_TileDescBookshelf
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int City_TileDescDeco
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int City_TileDescEmptySP
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int City_TileDescEntrance
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int City_TileDescExit
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int City_TileDescStatue
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int City_TileHighGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int City_TileWater
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ClassArmor_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ClassArmor_LowHealt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ClassArmor_NotEquipped
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Claymore_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Claymore_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Claymore_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ClericArmor_ACSpecial
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ClericArmor_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ClericArmor_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ClericArmor_NotCleric
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ClothArmor_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ClothArmor_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Codex_ACRead
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Codex_Blinded
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Codex_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Codex_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Combo_Combo
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Combo_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CommonArrow_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CommonArrow_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CommonArrow_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CompositeCrossbow_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CompositeCrossbow_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CompositeCrossbow_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CompoundBow_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CompoundBow_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CompoundBow_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ConfusionGas_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CorpseDust_Buff
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CorpseDust_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CorpseDust_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CorpseDust_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Crab_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Crab_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Crab_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Crab_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Crab_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Cripple_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Crystal_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Crystal_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Crystal_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Crystal_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CurareDart_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CurareDart_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int CurareDart_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DM300_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DM300_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DM300_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DM300_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DM300_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DM300_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DM300_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dagger_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dagger_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dagger_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DarkEnergy_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DarkGold_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DarkGold_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DarkVeil_Buff
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Darkness_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dart_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dart_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dart_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DeathKnight_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DeathKnight_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DeathKnight_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DeathKnight_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DeferedDamage_Defered_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DeferedDamage_Killed_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DewVial_ACDRINK
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DewVial_AutoDrink
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DewVial_Collected
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DewVial_Empty
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DewVial_Full
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DewVial_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DewVial_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dewdrop_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dewdrop_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Displacement_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DonateButton_pleaseDonate
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DonateButton_thanks
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Pits_TileDescBookshelf
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Pits_TileDescDeco
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Pits_TileDescEntrance
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Pits_TileDescExit
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Pits_TileDescStatue
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Pits_TileDescWater
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Pits_TileGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Pits_TileHighGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Pits_TileStatue
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dragon_Pits_TileWater
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DreadKnight_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DreadKnight_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DreadKnight_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DreadKnight_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dreamweed_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dreamweed_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DriedRose_Buff
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DriedRose_CursedBuff
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DriedRose_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DriedRose_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DriedRose_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Drink_ACDrink
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Drink_Message
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dungeon_DeadEnd
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Dungeon_NoTips
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DwarfToken_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int DwarfToken_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int EarthElemental_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int EarthElemental_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int EarthElemental_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int EarthElemental_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Earthroot_Buff
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Earthroot_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Earthroot_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Elemental_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Elemental_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Elemental_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Elemental_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ElfArmor_ACSpecial
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ElfArmor_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ElfArmor_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ElfArmor_NotElf
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int EnslavedSoul_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int EnslavedSoul_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int EnslavedSoul_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int EnslavedSoul_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Entanglement_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int EquipableItem_ACEquip
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int EquipableItem_ACUnequip
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int EquipableItem_Unequip
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ExplodingSkull_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ExplodingSkull_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ExplodingSkull_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ExplodingSkull_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Eye_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Eye_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Eye_Kill
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Eye_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Eye_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Fadeleaf_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Fadeleaf_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FakeLastLevel2_TileDescStatue
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FakeLastLevel2_TileDescWater
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FakeLastLevel2_TileGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FakeLastLevel2_TileHighGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FakeLastLevel2_TileStatue
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FakeLastLevel2_TileWater
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FetidRat_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FetidRat_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FetidRat_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FetidRat_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Fez_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Fez_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FireArrow_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FireArrow_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FireArrow_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FireQuiver_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FireQuiver_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FireQuiver_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Fire_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Firebloom_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Firebloom_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Foliage_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Food_ACEat
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Food_Message
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrostArrow_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrostArrow_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrostArrow_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Frost_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Frost_Shatter
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrozenBeer_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrozenBeer_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrozenBeer_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrozenBeer_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrozenBeer_Info4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrozenBeer_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrozenCarpaccio_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrozenCarpaccio_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrozenCarpaccio_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrozenCarpaccio_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrozenCarpaccio_Info4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int FrozenCarpaccio_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Fury_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GameScene_Chasm
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GameScene_Grass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GameScene_NightMode
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GameScene_Secrets
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GameScene_Water
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GameScene_Welcome
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GameScene_WelcomeBack
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Gargoyle_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Gargoyle_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Gargoyle_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Gargoyle_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Gargoyle_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GasesImmunity_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ghost_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ghost_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ghost_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ghost_Rat1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ghost_Rat2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ghost_Rose1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ghost_Rose2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Glaive_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Glaive_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Glaive_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Gnoll_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Gnoll_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Gnoll_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Gnoll_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Goblin_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Goblin_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Goblin_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Goblin_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Goblin_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Gold_Collect
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Gold_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Gold_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Gold_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GoldenKey_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GoldenKey_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GoldenStatue_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GoldenStatue_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GoldenStatue_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GoldenStatue_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GoldenSword_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GoldenSword_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GoldenSword_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Golem_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Golem_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Golem_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Golem_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Golem_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Goo_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Goo_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Goo_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Goo_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Goo_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Goo_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Goo_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Goo_StaInfo1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GothicArmor_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int GothicArmor_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Guts_TileDescBookshelf
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Guts_TileDescDeco
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Guts_TileDescEntrance
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Guts_TileDescExit
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Guts_TileGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Guts_TileHighGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Guts_TileWater
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Halberd_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Halberd_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Halberd_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Halls_TileDescBookshelf
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Halls_TileDescStatue
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Halls_TileDescWater
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Halls_TileGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Halls_TileHighGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Halls_TileStatue
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Halls_TileWater
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Heap_Mimic
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeartOfDarkness_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeartOfDarkness_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeartOfDarkness_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hedgehog_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hedgehog_ImLate
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hedgehog_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hedgehog_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hedgehog_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hedgehog_Info4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hedgehog_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroClass_Cleric
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroClass_Elf
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroClass_Hun
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroClass_Mag
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroClass_Rog
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroClass_War
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_DescArcPriest
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_DescAssa
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_DescBatM
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_DescBers
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_DescFreR
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_DescGlad
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_DescPaladin
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_DescScout
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_DescShaman
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_DescSnip
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_DescWarL
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_DescWard
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_NameArcPriest
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_NameAssa
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_NameBatM
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_NameBers
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_NameFreR
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_NameGlad
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_NamePaladin
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_NameScout
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_NameShaman
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_NameSnip
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_NameWarL
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HeroSubClass_NameWard
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_Leave
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_LevelUp
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_LockedChest
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_LockedDoor
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_NewLevel
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_NoticedSmth
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_Search
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_SomethingElse
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_StaBleeding
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_StaBlindness
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_StaBurning
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_StaCharm
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_StaCripple
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_StaFurious
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_StaFury
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_StaOoze
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_StaParalysis
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_StaPoison
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_StaRoots
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_StaVertigo
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_StaWeakness
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_Wait
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hero_YouNowHave
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hunger_Death
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hunger_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Hunger_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HuntressArmor_ACSpecial
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HuntressArmor_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HuntressArmor_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HuntressArmor_NoEnemies
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int HuntressArmor_NotHuntress
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Icecap_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Icecap_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ImpShopkeeper_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ImpShopkeeper_Greetings
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ImpShopkeeper_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Imp_Cya
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Imp_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Imp_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Imp_Golems1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Imp_Golems2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Imp_Hey
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Imp_Monks1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Imp_Monks2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Imp_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int IncendiaryDart_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int IncendiaryDart_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int IncendiaryDart_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int InterLevelScene_Ascending
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int InterLevelScene_Descending
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int InterLevelScene_ErrorGeneric
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int InterLevelScene_Falling
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int InterLevelScene_FileNotFound
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int InterLevelScene_Loading
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int InterLevelScene_Resurrecting
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int InterLevelScene_Returning
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int IntroScene_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int InventoryScroll_No
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int InventoryScroll_Title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int InventoryScroll_Warning
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int InventoryScroll_Yes
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Invisibility_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int IronKey_FromDepth
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int IronKey_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int IronKey_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ItemSprite_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Item_ACDrop
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Item_ACThrow
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Item_DirThrow
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Item_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Item_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Item_PackFull
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int JarOfSouls_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int JarOfSouls_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int JarOfSouls_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int JarOfSouls_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Javelin_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Javelin_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Javelin_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Journal_Alchemy
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Journal_Azuterron
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Journal_Garden
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Journal_Ghost
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Journal_Imp
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Journal_Statue
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Journal_Troll
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Journal_Wandmaker
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Journal_WellAwareness
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Journal_WellHealt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Journal_WellTransmut
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Keyring_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Keyring_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int KindOfWeapon_EquipCursed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int King_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int King_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int King_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int King_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int King_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int King_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int King_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int King_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Knuckles_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Knuckles_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Knuckles_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Kusarigama_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Kusarigama_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Kusarigama_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Kusarigama_Pull
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Larva_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Larva_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Larva_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Larva_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LastShopLevel_TileDescDeco
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LastShopLevel_TileDescEmptySP
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LastShopLevel_TileDescEntrance
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LastShopLevel_TileDescExit
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LastShopLevel_TileHighGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LastShopLevel_TileWater
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LeatherArmor_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LeatherArmor_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_HiddenPlate
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileAlarmTrap
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileAlchemy
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileBarricade
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileBookshelf
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileChasm
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileClosedDoor
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDefault
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescAlchemy
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescBarricade
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescChasm
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescEmbers
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescEmptyWell
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescEntrance
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescExit
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescHighGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescInactiveTrap
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescLockedDoor
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescLockedExit
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescSign
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescStatue
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescTrap
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileDescWater
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileEmbers
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileEmptyWell
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileEntrance
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileExit
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileFireTrap
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileFloor
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileGrippingTrap
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileHighGrass
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileInactiveTrap
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileLightningTrap
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileLockedDoor
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileLockedExit
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileOpenDoor
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileParalyticTrap
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TilePedestal
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TilePoisonTrap
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TilePortal
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileSign
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileStatue
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileSummoningTrap
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileToxicTrap
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileUnlockedExit
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileWall
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileWater
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Level_TileWell
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Levitation_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Lich_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Lich_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Lich_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Lich_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Light_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LightningTrap_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LightningTrap_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LloidsBeacon_ACReturn
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LloidsBeacon_ACSet
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LloidsBeacon_Creatures
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LloidsBeacon_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LloidsBeacon_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LloidsBeacon_Preventing
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LloidsBeacon_Return
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int LloidsBeacon_Set
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Longsword_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Longsword_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Longsword_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mace_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mace_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mace_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MageArmor_ACSpecial
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MageArmor_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MageArmor_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MageArmor_NotMage
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MailArmor_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MailArmor_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info1a
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info1b
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info1c
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info1d
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info2a
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info2b
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info2c
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info3a
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info3b
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info3c
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info3d
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info3e
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info3f
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info3g
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info4a
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info4b
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info5
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info6a
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info6b
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info7a
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info7b
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MeleeWeapon_Info7c
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Metabolism_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MimicAmulet_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MimicAmulet_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MimicAmulet_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MimicAmulet_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MimicPie_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MimicPie_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MimicPie_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MimicPie_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mimic_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mimic_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mimic_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mimic_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MindVision_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MirrorImage_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MirrorImage_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MirrorImage_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MirrorImage_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MissileWeapon_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MissileWeapon_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MissileWeapon_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MissileWeapon_Info4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MissileWeapon_Missiles
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MissileWeapon_No
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MissileWeapon_Sure
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MissileWeapon_Yes
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mob_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mob_Died
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mob_StaFleeingStatus
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mob_StaHuntingStatus
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mob_StaPassiveStatus
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mob_StaSleepingStatus
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mob_StaWanderingStatus
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mob_Yell
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mod_Author
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mod_Description
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mod_Email
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mod_Link
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mod_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ModsButton_SelectMod
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mods_AuthorEmail
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mods_AuthorSite
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mods_CreatedBy
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Mods_RestartRequired
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Monk_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Monk_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Monk_Disarm
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Monk_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Monk_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Monk_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Multiplicity_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MysteryMeat_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MysteryMeat_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MysteryMeat_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MysteryMeat_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MysteryMeat_Info4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MysteryMeat_Message
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int MysteryMeat_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int NecromancerNPC_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int NecromancerNPC_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int NecromancerNPC_Intro
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int NecromancerNPC_Intro2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int NecromancerNPC_Message1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int NecromancerNPC_Message2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int NecromancerNPC_Message3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int NecromancerNPC_Message4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int NecromancerNPC_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int NecromancerNPC_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int NekoEars_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int NekoEars_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Neko_Ears_gives_5_additional_HP
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Nightcap_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Nightcap_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Nightmare_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Nightmare_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Nightmare_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Nightmare_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ooze_Death
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ooze_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int OverpricedRation_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int OverpricedRation_Message
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int OverpricedRation_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ParalysisArrow_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ParalysisArrow_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ParalysisArrow_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ParalysisQuiver_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ParalysisQuiver_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ParalysisQuiver_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Paralysis_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ParalyticGas_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Pasty_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Pasty_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Pet_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Pet_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Pet_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Pet_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Pickaxe_ACMine
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Pickaxe_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Pickaxe_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Pickaxe_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Pickaxe_NoVein
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Piranha_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Piranha_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Piranha_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Piranha_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PirateSet_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PirateSet_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Plant_ACPlant
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Plant_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Plant_Seed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PlateArmor_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PlateArmor_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PoisonArrow_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PoisonArrow_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PoisonArrow_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PoisonQuiver_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PoisonQuiver_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Poison_Death
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Poison_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Poisonuiver_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PortalStone_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PortalStone_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potential_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionBelt_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionBelt_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfExperience_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfExperience_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfFrost_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfFrost_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfHealing_Apply
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfHealing_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfHealing_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfInvisibility_Apply
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfInvisibility_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfInvisibility_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfLevitation_Apply
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfLevitation_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfLevitation_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfLiquidFlame_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfLiquidFlame_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfMight_Apply
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfMight_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfMight_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfMight_StaApply
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfMindVision_Apply1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfMindVision_Apply2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfMindVision_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfMindVision_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfParalyticGas_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfParalyticGas_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfPurity_Freshness
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfPurity_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfPurity_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfPurity_NoSmell
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfStrength_Apply
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfStrength_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfStrength_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfStrength_StaApply
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfToxicGas_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PotionOfToxicGas_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_ACDrink
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_ACMoisten
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_ArrowMoisten
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_Beneficial
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_DrinkRefreshed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_FoodRefreshed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_Harmfull
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_ItemFliesAway
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_MoistenUseless
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_No
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_RuneDissaperaed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_SelectForMoisten
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_Shatter
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_SureDrink
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_SureThrow
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Potion_Yes
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Prison_TileDescBookshelf
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Prison_TileDescDeco
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Prison_TileWater
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PseudoPasty_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PseudoPasty_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PseudoRat_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PseudoRat_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PseudoRat_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int PseudoRat_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Pumpkin_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Pumpkin_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Quarterstaff_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Quarterstaff_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Quarterstaff_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int QuickSlot_SelectedItem
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Quiver_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Quiver_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Quiver_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RabbitEars_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RabbitEars_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RankingsScene_NoGames
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RankingsScene_NoInfo
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RankingsScene_Title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RankingsScene_Total
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatKingCrown_Buff
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatKingCrown_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatKingCrown_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatKing_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatKing_Died
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatKing_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatKing_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatKing_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatKing_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatKing_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatKing_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatSkull_Buff
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatSkull_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatSkull_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RatSkull_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Rat_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Rat_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Rat_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Rat_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ration_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ration_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ReMakePixelDungeonApp_sendCrash
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ResultDescriptions_Bleeding
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ResultDescriptions_Boss
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ResultDescriptions_Burning
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ResultDescriptions_Fall
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ResultDescriptions_Gas
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ResultDescriptions_Glyph
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ResultDescriptions_Hunger
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ResultDescriptions_Immured
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ResultDescriptions_Mob
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ResultDescriptions_Ooze
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ResultDescriptions_Poison
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ResultDescriptions_Trap
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ResultDescriptions_Wand
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ResultDescriptions_Win
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfAccuracy_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfAccuracy_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfDetection_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfDetection_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfElements_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfElements_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfEvasion_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfEvasion_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfHaggler_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfHaggler_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfHaste_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfHaste_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfHerbalism_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfHerbalism_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfMending_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfMending_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfPower_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfPower_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfSatiety_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfSatiety_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfShadows_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfShadows_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfStoneWalking_ImmuredInStone
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfStoneWalking_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfStoneWalking_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfThorns_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RingOfThorns_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ring_BuffKnown
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ring_Identify
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ring_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ring_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ring_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ring_Info3a
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ring_Info3b
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ring_Info4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Ring_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RogueArmor_ACSpecial
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RogueArmor_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RogueArmor_Fov
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RogueArmor_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RogueArmor_NotRogue
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RogueArmor_Prompt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Roots_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RottenFood_Message
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RottenMeat_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RottenMeat_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RottenPasty_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RottenPasty_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RottenRation_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RottenRation_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RottingFist_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RottingFist_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RottingFist_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RottingFist_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RubyBow_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RubyBow_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RubyBow_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RubyCrossbow_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RubyCrossbow_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RubyCrossbow_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RunicSkull_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RunicSkull_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RunicSkull_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int RunicSkull_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SacrificialSword_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SacrificialSword_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SacrificialSword_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SantaHatDesc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SantaHat_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SantaHat_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScaleArmor_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScaleArmor_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Scorpio_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Scorpio_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Scorpio_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Scorpio_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollHolder_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollHolder_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfChallenge_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfChallenge_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfChallenge_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfCurse_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfCurse_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfDomination_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfDomination_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfIdentify_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfIdentify_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfIdentify_InvTitle
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfIdentify_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfLullaby_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfLullaby_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfLullaby_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfLullaby_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfLullaby_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfMagicMapping_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfMagicMapping_Layout
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfMagicMapping_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfMirrorImage_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfMirrorImage_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfPsionicBlast_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfPsionicBlast_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfRecharging_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfRecharging_Info1a
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfRecharging_Info1b
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfRecharging_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfRecharging_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfRemoveCurse_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfRemoveCurse_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfRemoveCurse_NoProced
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfRemoveCurse_Proced
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfSummon_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfSummon_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfSummon_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfTeleportation_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfTeleportation_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfTeleportation_NoTeleport
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfTeleportation_Teleport
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfTerror_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfTerror_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfTerror_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfTerror_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfTerror_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfUpgrade_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfUpgrade_InvTitle
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfUpgrade_LooksBetter
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfUpgrade_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfWeaponUpgrade_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfWeaponUpgrade_InvTitle
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfWeaponUpgrade_LooksBetter
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ScrollOfWeaponUpgrade_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Scroll_ACRead
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Scroll_Blinded
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Scroll_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Scroll_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SeedPouch_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SeedPouch_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Senior_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Senior_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Senior_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Senior_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sewer_TileDescBookshelf
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sewer_TileDescDeco
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sewer_TileWater
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shades_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shades_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ShadowLord_Death
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ShadowLord_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ShadowLord_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ShadowLord_Intro
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ShadowLord_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ShadowLord_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shadow_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shadow_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shadow_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shadow_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shadows_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shaman_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shaman_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shaman_Killed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shaman_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shaman_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sheep_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sheep_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sheep_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sheep_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shielded_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shielded_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shielded_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shielded_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shielded_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shopkeeper_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shopkeeper_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shopkeeper_Sell
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ShortSword_ACReforge
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ShortSword_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ShortSword_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ShortSword_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ShortSword_NotBoomerang
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ShortSword_Reforged
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ShortSword_Select
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shuriken_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shuriken_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Shuriken_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SkeletonKey_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SkeletonKey_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Skeleton_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Skeleton_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Skeleton_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Skeleton_Killed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Skeleton_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Skeleton_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Slow_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SnipersMark_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sorrowmoss_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sorrowmoss_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SoulShard_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SoulShard_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SoulShard_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Spear_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Spear_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Spear_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderArmor_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderArmor_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderArmor_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderCharm_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderCharm_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderCharm_Use
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderEgg_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderEgg_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderEgg_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderEgg_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderExploding_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderExploding_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderExploding_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderExploding_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderGuard_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderGuard_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderGuard_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderGuard_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderMindAmber_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderMindAmber_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderMindAmber_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderMindAmber_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderMind_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderMind_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderMind_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderMind_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderNest_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderNest_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderNest_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderNest_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderQueen_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderQueen_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderQueen_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderQueen_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderServant_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderServant_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderServant_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiderServant_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Spinner_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Spinner_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Spinner_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Spinner_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiritOfPain_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiritOfPain_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiritOfPain_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SpiritOfPain_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_Depth
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_DifficultyEasy
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_DifficultyExpert
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_DifficultyNormal
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_DifficultyNormalWithSaves
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_DifficultySelect
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_Erase
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_Load
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_New
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_No
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_Really
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_Unlock
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_UnlockElf
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_Warning
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_WinGame
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int StartScene_Yes
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Statue_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Statue_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Statue_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Statue_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Stench_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Stone_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Stone_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Stylus_ACInscribe
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Stylus_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Stylus_Inscribed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Stylus_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Stylus_SelectArmor
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Succubus_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Succubus_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Succubus_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Succubus_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sungrass_Buff
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sungrass_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sungrass_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SurfaceScene_GameOver
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SuspiciousRat_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SuspiciousRat_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SuspiciousRat_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SuspiciousRat_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int SuspiciousRat_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Swarm_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Swarm_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Swarm_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Swarm_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Swarm_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sword_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sword_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Sword_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TXT_CANNOT_USE_ON_PORTAL_LEVEL
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TXT_CANNOT_USE_SECOND_PORTAL_STONE
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TaintedBeer_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TaintedBeer_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TaintedDrink_Message
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Tamahawk_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Tamahawk_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Tamahawk_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Tengu_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Tengu_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Tengu_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Tengu_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Tengu_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Tengu_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Tengu_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Thief_Carries
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Thief_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Thief_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Thief_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Thief_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Thief_Stole
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int This_Capotain_gives_defence_skill
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int This_Fez_gives_10_additional_HP
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int This_Nightcap_gives_2_additional_defense_skill
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int This_Pirate_Set_gives_additional_2_attack_skill_2_defense_skill_and_10_HP
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int This_Pumpkin_gives_additional_2_defense_skill_1_attack_skill_and_10_HP
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int This_Rabbit_Ears_gives_additional_4_defense_skill
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int This_Shades_gives_additional_2_defense_skill_and_10_HP
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int This_Wizard_Hat_gives_additional_10_attack_skill_and_10_HP
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TitleScene_About
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TitleScene_Badges
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TitleScene_Highscores
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TitleScene_InternalStorageLow
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TitleScene_Play
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TomeOfMastery_ACRead
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TomeOfMastery_Blinded
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TomeOfMastery_Choose
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TomeOfMastery_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TomeOfMastery_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TomeOfMastery_WayAlreadyChosen
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Toolbar_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Toolbar_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Torch_ACLight
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Torch_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Torch_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ToxicGas_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ToxicGas_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TreacherousSpirit_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TreacherousSpirit_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TreacherousSpirit_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int TreacherousSpirit_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Undead_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Undead_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Undead_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Undead_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Undead_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Utils_IsIndefinte
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Vertigo_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Viscosity_Status
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Viscosity_Txt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandHolster_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandHolster_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandMaker_Berry1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandMaker_Berry2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandMaker_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandMaker_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandMaker_Dust1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandMaker_Dust2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandMaker_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandMaker_RotberryDesc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandMaker_RotberryInfo
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandMaker_RotberryName
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfAmok_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfAmok_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfAmok_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfAvalanche_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfAvalanche_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfAvalanche_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfBlink_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfBlink_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfDisintegration_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfDisintegration_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfFirebolt_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfFirebolt_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfFirebolt_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfFlock_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfFlock_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfLightning_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfLightning_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfLightning_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfMagicMissile_ACDisenchant
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfMagicMissile_Desinchanted
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfMagicMissile_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfMagicMissile_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfMagicMissile_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfMagicMissile_SelectWand
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfPoison_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfPoison_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfPoison_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfRegrowth_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfRegrowth_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfRegrowth_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfSlowness_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfSlowness_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfSlowness_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfTelekinesis_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfTelekinesis_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfTelekinesis_YouNowHave
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfTeleportation_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfTeleportation_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfTeleportation_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WandOfTeleportation_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wand_ACZap
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wand_Damage
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wand_Fizzles
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wand_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wand_Prompt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wand_SelfTarget
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wand_Weapon
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wand_Wood
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WanishStone_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WanishStone_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WarHammer_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WarHammer_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WarHammer_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Warlock_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Warlock_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Warlock_Killed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Warlock_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Warlock_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WarriorArmor_ACSpecial
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WarriorArmor_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WarriorArmor_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WarriorArmor_NotWarrior
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WarriorArmor_Prompt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WaterElemental_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WaterElemental_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WaterElemental_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WaterElemental_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WaterOfAwareness_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WaterOfAwareness_Procced
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WaterOfHealth_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WaterOfHealth_Procced
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WaterOfTransmutation_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Weakness_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Weapon_Identify
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Weapon_Incompatible
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Web_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Weightstone_ACApply
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Weightstone_Accurate
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Weightstone_Fast
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Weightstone_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Weightstone_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Weightstone_Select
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Weightstone_WndAccuracy
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Weightstone_WndCancel
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Weightstone_WndChoice
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Weightstone_WndSpeed
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Ok
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_19
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_20
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_20_1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_20_2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_21_1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_21_2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_21_3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_21_4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_21_5
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_22
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_23
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_23_1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_23_2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_24
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_24_1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_24_2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Text_25
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Welcome_Title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wine_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wine_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wine_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wine_Info3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wine_Info4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wine_Message
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wine_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WizardHat_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WizardHat_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndBlacksmith_Prompt
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndBlacksmith_Reforge
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndBlacksmith_Select
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndCatalogus_Potions
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndCatalogus_Scrolls
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndCatalogus_Title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndChallenges_Title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndChooseWay_Cancel
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndChooseWay_Message
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndClass_Mastery
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_commonDonateText
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_donate
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_gold
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_goldDonate
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_goldDonateText
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_goldDonateText2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_notConnected
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_ruby
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_rubyDonate
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_rubyDonateText
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_rubyDonateText2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_silver
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_silverDonate
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_silverDonateText
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndDonate_silverDonateText2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndError_Title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndGame_Challenges
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndGame_Exit
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndGame_Load
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndGame_Ranking
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndGame_Return
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndGame_Save
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndGame_Settings
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndGame_Start
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndGame_menu
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHats_BackButton
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHats_BuyButton
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHats_EquipButton
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHats_InfoButton
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHats_ListTitle
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHats_NoConnectionMsg
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHats_Purchased
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHats_SlotTitle
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHats_UnequipButton
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHero_Buffs
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHero_Depth
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHero_Exp
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHero_Gold
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHero_Health
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHero_StaCatalogus
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHero_StaJournal
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHero_StaTitle
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHero_Stats
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndHero_Str
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndImp_Message
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndImp_Reward
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndInfoCell_Nothing
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndInfoItem_Chest
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndInfoItem_CrystalChest
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndInfoItem_Inside
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndInfoItem_LockedChest
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndInfoItem_NeedKey
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndInfoItem_Owner
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndInfoItem_Remains
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndInfoItem_Skeleton
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndInfoItem_Tomb
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndInfoItem_WontKnow
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndJournal_Title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndPremiumSettings_banners
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndPremiumSettings_chrome
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndPremiumSettings_gold
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndPremiumSettings_notAvailbale
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndPremiumSettings_ruby
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndPremiumSettings_silver
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndPremiumSettings_status
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndPremiumSettings_std
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndPremiumSettings_toolbar
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_Badges
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_Error
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_Items
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_StaAlchemy
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_StaAnkhs
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_StaChallenges
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_StaDepth
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_StaDuration
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_StaEnemies
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_StaFood
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_StaGold
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_StaHealth
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_StaStr
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_StaTitle
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndRanking_Stats
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndResurrect_Message
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndResurrect_No
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndResurrect_Yes
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSadGhost_Armor
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSadGhost_Farewell
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSadGhost_Rat
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSadGhost_Rose
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSadGhost_Wepon
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSaveSlotSelect_Delete_No
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSaveSlotSelect_Delete_Title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSaveSlotSelect_Delete_Yes
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSaveSlotSelect_SelectSlot
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSaveSlotSelect_dontLike
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSelectLanguage_ImproveTranslation
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSelectLanguage_LinkToTranslationSite
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSelectLanguage_TranslationLink
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_Brightness
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_ClassicFont
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_ExperementalFont
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_Immersive
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_Music
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_ScaleUp
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_SecondQuickslot
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_SelectLanguage
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_Sound
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_SwitchLand
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_SwitchPort
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_TextScaleDefault
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_ThirdQuickslot
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_ZoomDef
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_ZoomIn
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndSettings_ZoomOut
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndStory_Caves
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndStory_Dragon_Pits
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndStory_Guts
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndStory_Halls
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndStory_Metropolis
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndStory_Prision
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndStory_Sewers
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndStory_Spiders
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndTradeItem_Bought
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndTradeItem_Buy
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndTradeItem_Cancel
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndTradeItem_Sale
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndTradeItem_Sell
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndTradeItem_Sell1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndTradeItem_SellAll
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndTradeItem_Sold
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndWandmaker_Battle
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndWandmaker_Farawell
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndWandmaker_Message
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WndWandmaker_NonBattle
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WoodenBow_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WoodenBow_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WoodenBow_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WoodenCrossbow_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WoodenCrossbow_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int WoodenCrossbow_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Worm_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Worm_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Worm_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Worm_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wraith_Defense
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wraith_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wraith_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wraith_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Wraith_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Yog_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Yog_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Yog_Info1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Yog_Info2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Yog_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Yog_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsBrain_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsBrain_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsBrain_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsBrain_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsEye_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsEye_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsEye_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsEye_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsHeart_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsHeart_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsHeart_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsHeart_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsTeeth_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsTeeth_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsTeeth_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int YogsTeeth_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ZombieGnoll_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ZombieGnoll_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ZombieGnoll_Info
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ZombieGnoll_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int ZombieGnoll_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Zombie_Desc
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Zombie_Gender
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Zombie_Name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int Zombie_Name_Objective
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int accept
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_allbags
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_allitems
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_allpotions
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_allrings
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_allscrolls
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_allwands
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_bossslain1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_bossslain1all
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_bossslain2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_bossslain3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_bossslain3all
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_bossslain4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_champion
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_deathfalling
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_deathfire
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_deathgas
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_deathglyph
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_deathhunger
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_deathpoison
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_foodeaten1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_foodeaten2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_foodeaten3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_foodeaten4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_gamesplayed1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_gamesplayed2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_gamesplayed3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_gamesplayed4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_goldcolleted1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_goldcolleted2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_goldcolleted3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_goldcolleted4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_grimwepon
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_happyend
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_immured
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_itemlvl1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_itemlvl2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_itemlvl3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_itemlvl4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_levelreached1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_levelreached2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_levelreached3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_levelreached4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_masterycombo
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_monsterslain1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_monsterslain2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_monsterslain3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_monsterslain4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_nighthunter
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_nomonsterslain
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_piranhas
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_potionscooked1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_potionscooked2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_potionscooked3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_potionscooked4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_rareall
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_ringhaggler
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_ringthorns
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_strengthattained1
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_strengthattained2
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_strengthattained3
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_strengthattained4
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_supporter
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_victory
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_victoryall
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int achievement_yasd
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int app_id
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int app_name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_button
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_text
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_button
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_text
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_google_play_services_notification_ticker
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unknown_issue
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unsupported_text
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_button
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_text
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_google_play_services_updating_text
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_google_play_services_wear_update_text
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_open_on_phone
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_signin_button_text
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int common_signin_button_text_long
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int create_calendar_message
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int create_calendar_title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int debug_menu_ad_information
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int debug_menu_creative_preview
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int debug_menu_title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int debug_menu_troubleshooting
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int decline
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int default_web_client_id
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int easyModeAdUnitId
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int easyModeSmallScreenAdUnitId
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int firebase_database_url
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int gcm_defaultSenderId
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int google_api_key
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int google_app_id
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int google_crash_reporting_api_key
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int google_storage_bucket
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int iapKey
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int package_name
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int saveLoadAdUnitId
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int store_picture_message
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int store_picture_title
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int testDevice
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$string: int this_bowknot_gives_additional_attack_skill
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$style: int AppTheme
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$style: int Theme_IAPTheme
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$styleable: int[] AdsAttrs
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$styleable: int AdsAttrs_adSize
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$styleable: int AdsAttrs_adSizes
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$styleable: int AdsAttrs_adUnitId
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$styleable: int[] LoadingImageView
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_circleCrop
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatio
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$styleable: int[] SignInButton
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$styleable: int SignInButton_buttonSize
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$styleable: int SignInButton_colorScheme
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$styleable: int SignInButton_scopeUris
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.R$xml: int app_tracker
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.ReMakePixelDungeonApp
com.coner.pixeldungeon.remake.ReMakePixelDungeonApp: ReMakePixelDungeonApp()
com.google.ads.AdRequest$ErrorCode: com.google.ads.AdRequest$ErrorCode[] values()
com.google.ads.AdRequest$ErrorCode: com.google.ads.AdRequest$ErrorCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.ads.AdRequest$Gender: com.google.ads.AdRequest$Gender[] values()
com.google.ads.AdRequest$Gender: com.google.ads.AdRequest$Gender valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: java.lang.String AD_UNIT_ID_PARAMETER
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdView zzgd
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.InterstitialAd zzge
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdLoader zzgf
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: android.content.Context zzgg
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.InterstitialAd zzgh
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.reward.mediation.MediationRewardedVideoAdListener zzgi
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.reward.RewardedVideoAdListener zzgj
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: AbstractAdViewAdapter()
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: android.os.Bundle zza(android.os.Bundle,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdRequest zza(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void onDestroy()
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void onPause()
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void onResume()
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: java.lang.String getAdUnitId(android.os.Bundle)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void requestBannerAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationBannerListener,android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: android.view.View getBannerView()
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void requestInterstitialAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationInterstitialListener,android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void showInterstitial()
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: android.os.Bundle getInterstitialAdapterInfo()
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void requestNativeAd(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationNativeListener,android.os.Bundle,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.NativeMediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdLoader$Builder zza(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void initialize(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,java.lang.String,com.google.android.gms.ads.reward.mediation.MediationRewardedVideoAdListener,android.os.Bundle,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void loadAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.MediationAdRequest,android.os.Bundle,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: void showVideo()
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: boolean isInitialized()
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.reward.mediation.MediationRewardedVideoAdListener zza(com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter)
com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter: com.google.android.gms.ads.InterstitialAd zza(com.google.ads.mediation.AbstractAdViewAdapter,com.google.android.gms.ads.InterstitialAd)
com.google.ads.mediation.AdUrlAdapter
com.google.ads.mediation.AdUrlAdapter: AdUrlAdapter()
com.google.ads.mediation.AdUrlAdapter: android.os.Bundle zza(android.os.Bundle,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.ads.mediation.AdUrlAdapter: java.lang.String getAdUnitId(android.os.Bundle)
com.google.ads.mediation.admob.AdMobAdapter
com.google.ads.mediation.admob.AdMobAdapter: AdMobAdapter()
com.google.ads.mediation.admob.AdMobAdapter: android.os.Bundle zza(android.os.Bundle,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int adSize
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int adSizes
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int adUnitId
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int buttonSize
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int circleCrop
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int colorScheme
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int imageAspectRatio
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int scopeUris
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_default
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_default
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_full_open_on_phone
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_disabled
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_focused
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_pressed
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_disabled
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_focused
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_pressed
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int adjust_height
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int adjust_width
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int auto
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int dark
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int icon_only
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int light
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int none
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int standard
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int wide
com.google.android.gms.R$integer: int google_play_services_version
com.google.android.gms.R$raw: int gtm_analytics
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int accept
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_button
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_button
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_notification_ticker
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unknown_issue
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unsupported_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_button
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_updating_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_wear_update_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_open_on_phone
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_signin_button_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_signin_button_text_long
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int create_calendar_message
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int create_calendar_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int debug_menu_ad_information
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int debug_menu_creative_preview
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int debug_menu_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int debug_menu_troubleshooting
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int decline
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int store_picture_message
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int store_picture_title
com.google.android.gms.R$style: int Theme_IAPTheme
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int[] AdsAttrs
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int AdsAttrs_adSize
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int AdsAttrs_adSizes
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int AdsAttrs_adUnitId
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int[] LoadingImageView
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_circleCrop
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatio
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int[] SignInButton
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int SignInButton_buttonSize
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int SignInButton_colorScheme
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int SignInButton_scopeUris
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity: AdActivity()
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdView: java.lang.String getMediationAdapterClassName()
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdView: void setInAppPurchaseListener(com.google.android.gms.ads.purchase.InAppPurchaseListener)
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdView: void setAdUnitId(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdView: void setAdSize(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize)
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdView: void setAdListener(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdListener)
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.purchase.InAppPurchaseListener getInAppPurchaseListener()
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdView: java.lang.String getAdUnitId()
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize getAdSize()
com.google.android.gms.ads.AdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdListener getAdListener()
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdListener getAdListener()
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize getAdSize()
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: java.lang.String getAdUnitId()
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.purchase.InAppPurchaseListener getInAppPurchaseListener()
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: void setAdListener(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdListener)
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: void setAdSize(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize)
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: void setAdUnitId(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: void setInAppPurchaseListener(com.google.android.gms.ads.purchase.InAppPurchaseListener)
com.google.android.gms.ads.BaseAdView: java.lang.String getMediationAdapterClassName()
com.google.android.gms.ads.NativeExpressAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.VideoController getVideoController()
com.google.android.gms.ads.NativeExpressAdView: void setVideoOptions(com.google.android.gms.ads.VideoOptions)
com.google.android.gms.ads.NativeExpressAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.VideoOptions getVideoOptions()
com.google.android.gms.ads.NativeExpressAdView: java.lang.String getMediationAdapterClassName()
com.google.android.gms.ads.NativeExpressAdView: void setInAppPurchaseListener(com.google.android.gms.ads.purchase.InAppPurchaseListener)
com.google.android.gms.ads.NativeExpressAdView: void setAdUnitId(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.ads.NativeExpressAdView: void setAdSize(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize)
com.google.android.gms.ads.NativeExpressAdView: void setAdListener(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdListener)
com.google.android.gms.ads.NativeExpressAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.purchase.InAppPurchaseListener getInAppPurchaseListener()
com.google.android.gms.ads.NativeExpressAdView: java.lang.String getAdUnitId()
com.google.android.gms.ads.NativeExpressAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize getAdSize()
com.google.android.gms.ads.NativeExpressAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdListener getAdListener()
com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.PublisherAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdListener getAdListener()
com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.PublisherAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize getAdSize()
com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.PublisherAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize[] getAdSizes()
com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.PublisherAdView: java.lang.String getAdUnitId()
com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.PublisherAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.AppEventListener getAppEventListener()
com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.PublisherAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.OnCustomRenderedAdLoadedListener getOnCustomRenderedAdLoadedListener()
com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.PublisherAdView: void setManualImpressionsEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.PublisherAdView: void setAdListener(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdListener)
com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.PublisherAdView: void setAdSizes(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize[])
com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.PublisherAdView: void setAdUnitId(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.PublisherAdView: void setAppEventListener(com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.AppEventListener)
com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.PublisherAdView: void setCorrelator(com.google.android.gms.ads.Correlator)
com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.PublisherAdView: void setOnCustomRenderedAdLoadedListener(com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.OnCustomRenderedAdLoadedListener)
com.google.android.gms.ads.doubleclick.PublisherAdView: java.lang.String getMediationAdapterClassName()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAdView: void setNativeAd(com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAd)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: void setHeadlineView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: void setCallToActionView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: void setIconView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: void setBodyView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: void setStoreView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: void setPriceView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: void setImageView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: void setStarRatingView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: void setMediaView(com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.MediaView)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: android.view.View getHeadlineView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: android.view.View getCallToActionView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: android.view.View getIconView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: android.view.View getBodyView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: android.view.View getStoreView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: android.view.View getPriceView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: android.view.View getImageView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: android.view.View getStarRatingView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeAppInstallAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.MediaView getMediaView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeContentAdView: void setHeadlineView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeContentAdView: void setBodyView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeContentAdView: void setCallToActionView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeContentAdView: void setAdvertiserView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeContentAdView: void setImageView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeContentAdView: void setLogoView(android.view.View)
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeContentAdView: android.view.View getHeadlineView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeContentAdView: android.view.View getBodyView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeContentAdView: android.view.View getCallToActionView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeContentAdView: android.view.View getAdvertiserView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeContentAdView: android.view.View getImageView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.formats.NativeContentAdView: android.view.View getLogoView()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.ClientApi
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.ClientApi: ClientApi()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.ClientApi: com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.zzu createBannerAdManager(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zzd,com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.AdSizeParcel,java.lang.String,com.google.android.gms.internal.zzgz,int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.ClientApi: com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.zzu createSearchAdManager(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zzd,com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.AdSizeParcel,java.lang.String,int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.ClientApi: com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.zzu createInterstitialAdManager(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zzd,com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.AdSizeParcel,java.lang.String,com.google.android.gms.internal.zzgz,int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.ClientApi: com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.zzs createAdLoaderBuilder(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zzd,java.lang.String,com.google.android.gms.internal.zzgz,int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.ClientApi: com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.zzz getMobileAdsSettingsManager(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zzd)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.ClientApi: com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.zzz getMobileAdsSettingsManagerWithClientJarVersion(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zzd,int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.ClientApi: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzei createNativeAdViewDelegate(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zzd,com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zzd)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.ClientApi: com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.reward.client.zzb createRewardedVideoAd(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zzd,com.google.android.gms.internal.zzgz,int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.ClientApi: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzih createInAppPurchaseManager(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zzd)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.ClientApi: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzhy createAdOverlay(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zzd)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.InterstitialAdParameterParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.InterstitialAdParameterParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.cache.CacheEntryParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.cache.CacheEntryParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.cache.CacheOffering
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.cache.CacheOffering: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.AdRequestParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.AdRequestParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.AdSizeParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.AdSizeParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.SearchAdRequestParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.SearchAdRequestParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.ThinAdSizeParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.VideoOptionsParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.VideoOptionsParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.zzx$zza: zzx$zza()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.zzx$zza: com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.zzx asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.zzx$zza: android.os.IBinder asBinder()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.client.zzx$zza: boolean onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.formats.NativeAdOptionsParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.formats.NativeAdOptionsParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.AdLauncherIntentInfoParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.AdLauncherIntentInfoParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.AdOverlayInfoParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.AdOverlayInfoParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.zzc: void setVideoPath(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.zzc: void setVideoURI(android.net.Uri)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.zzc: int getDuration()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.zzc: int getCurrentPosition()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.zzc: int getVideoWidth()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.zzc: int getVideoHeight()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.zzi: void setVideoPath(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.zzi: int getCurrentPosition()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.zzi: int getDuration()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.zzi: int getVideoWidth()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.overlay.zzi: int getVideoHeight()
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.purchase.GInAppPurchaseManagerInfoParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.purchase.GInAppPurchaseManagerInfoParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.request.AdRequestInfoParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.request.AdRequestInfoParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.request.AdResponseParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.request.AdResponseParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.request.AutoClickProtectionConfigurationParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.request.AutoClickProtectionConfigurationParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.request.CapabilityParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.request.CapabilityParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.request.LargeParcelTeleporter
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.request.LargeParcelTeleporter: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.request.StringParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.request.StringParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.reward.client.RewardedVideoAdRequestParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.reward.client.RewardedVideoAdRequestParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.reward.mediation.client.RewardItemParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.reward.mediation.client.RewardItemParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.safebrowsing.SafeBrowsingConfigParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.safebrowsing.SafeBrowsingConfigParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.util.client.VersionInfoParcel
com.google.android.gms.ads.internal.util.client.VersionInfoParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.ads.mediation.customevent.CustomEventAdapter
com.google.android.gms.ads.purchase.InAppPurchaseActivity
com.google.android.gms.ads.purchase.InAppPurchaseActivity: InAppPurchaseActivity()
com.google.android.gms.ads.search.SearchAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdListener getAdListener()
com.google.android.gms.ads.search.SearchAdView: com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize getAdSize()
com.google.android.gms.ads.search.SearchAdView: java.lang.String getAdUnitId()
com.google.android.gms.ads.search.SearchAdView: void setAdListener(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdListener)
com.google.android.gms.ads.search.SearchAdView: void setAdSize(com.google.android.gms.ads.AdSize)
com.google.android.gms.ads.search.SearchAdView: void setAdUnitId(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.analytics.AnalyticsReceiver
com.google.android.gms.analytics.AnalyticsReceiver: AnalyticsReceiver()
com.google.android.gms.analytics.AnalyticsService
com.google.android.gms.analytics.AnalyticsService: AnalyticsService()
com.google.android.gms.analytics.CampaignTrackingReceiver
com.google.android.gms.analytics.CampaignTrackingReceiver: CampaignTrackingReceiver()
com.google.android.gms.analytics.CampaignTrackingService
com.google.android.gms.analytics.CampaignTrackingService: CampaignTrackingService()
com.google.android.gms.analytics.internal.Command
com.google.android.gms.analytics.internal.Command: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.analytics.internal.zzm: com.google.android.gms.analytics.internal.zzm[] values()
com.google.android.gms.analytics.internal.zzo: com.google.android.gms.analytics.internal.zzo[] values()
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInOptions
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.clearcut.LogEventParcelable
com.google.android.gms.clearcut.LogEventParcelable: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.ConnectionResult
com.google.android.gms.common.ConnectionResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.SignInButton: void setSize(int)
com.google.android.gms.common.SignInButton: void setColorScheme(int)
com.google.android.gms.common.SignInButton: void setScopes(com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope[])
com.google.android.gms.common.SignInButton: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.gms.common.SignInButton: void setEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.common.annotation.KeepName
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity: GoogleApiActivity()
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.data.BitmapTeleporter
com.google.android.gms.common.data.BitmapTeleporter: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.data.DataHolder
com.google.android.gms.common.data.DataHolder: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.images.ImageManager$ImageReceiver
com.google.android.gms.common.images.WebImage
com.google.android.gms.common.images.WebImage: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.AuthAccountRequest
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.AuthAccountRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.BinderWrapper
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.BinderWrapper: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.DowngradeableSafeParcel
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.GetServiceRequest
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.GetServiceRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ReflectedParcelable
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ResolveAccountRequest
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ResolveAccountRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ResolveAccountResponse
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ResolveAccountResponse: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.SignInButtonConfig
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.SignInButtonConfig: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ValidateAccountRequest
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ValidateAccountRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.AbstractSafeParcelable
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.SafeParcelable
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.SafeParcelable: java.lang.String NULL
com.google.android.gms.common.server.FavaDiagnosticsEntity
com.google.android.gms.common.server.FavaDiagnosticsEntity: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.ConverterWrapper
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.ConverterWrapper: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.StringToIntConverter
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.StringToIntConverter: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.StringToIntConverter$Entry
com.google.android.gms.common.server.converter.StringToIntConverter$Entry: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FastJsonResponse$Field
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FastJsonResponse$Field: com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.zza CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FastSafeParcelableJsonResponse
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary$Entry
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary$Entry: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary$FieldMapPair
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.FieldMappingDictionary$FieldMapPair: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.SafeParcelResponse
com.google.android.gms.common.server.response.SafeParcelResponse: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.stats.StatsEvent
com.google.android.gms.common.stats.WakeLockEvent
com.google.android.gms.common.stats.WakeLockEvent: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.util.DynamiteApi
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.ads.dynamite.ModuleDescriptor
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.ads.dynamite.ModuleDescriptor: java.lang.String MODULE_ID
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.ads.dynamite.ModuleDescriptor: int MODULE_VERSION
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.ads.dynamite.ModuleDescriptor: ModuleDescriptor()
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.flags.ModuleDescriptor
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.flags.ModuleDescriptor: java.lang.String MODULE_ID
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.flags.ModuleDescriptor: int MODULE_VERSION
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.flags.ModuleDescriptor: ModuleDescriptor()
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: FlagProviderImpl()
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: void init(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zzd)
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: boolean getBooleanFlagValue(java.lang.String,boolean,int)
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: int getIntFlagValue(java.lang.String,int,int)
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: long getLongFlagValue(java.lang.String,long,int)
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: java.lang.String getStringFlagValue(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
com.google.android.gms.gass.internal.GassRequestParcel
com.google.android.gms.gass.internal.GassRequestParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.gass.internal.GassResponseParcel
com.google.android.gms.gass.internal.GassResponseParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.iid.MessengerCompat
com.google.android.gms.iid.MessengerCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzag: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzag[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzah: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzah[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaoq: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaoq[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzapi: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzapi[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaqq: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaqq[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzk$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzk$zza[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzvt$zza: zzvt$zza()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzvt$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzvt asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzvt$zza: android.os.IBinder asBinder()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzvt$zza: boolean onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)
com.google.android.gms.location.places.PlaceReport
com.google.android.gms.location.places.PlaceReport: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement getInstance(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: void registerOnScreenChangeCallback(com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$zzd)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: void unregisterOnScreenChangeCallback(com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$zzd)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementInstallReferrerReceiver
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementInstallReferrerReceiver: AppMeasurementInstallReferrerReceiver()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementReceiver
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementReceiver: AppMeasurementReceiver()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementService
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementService: AppMeasurementService()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMetadata
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.AppMetadata: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.EventParams
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.EventParams: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.EventParcel
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.EventParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.UserAttributeParcel
com.google.android.gms.measurement.internal.UserAttributeParcel: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.phenotype.Configuration
com.google.android.gms.phenotype.Configuration: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.phenotype.Flag
com.google.android.gms.phenotype.Flag: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.playlog.internal.PlayLoggerContext
com.google.android.gms.playlog.internal.PlayLoggerContext: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.AuthAccountResult
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.AuthAccountResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.CheckServerAuthResult
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.CheckServerAuthResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.RecordConsentRequest
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.RecordConsentRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.SignInRequest
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.SignInRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.SignInResponse
com.google.android.gms.signin.internal.SignInResponse: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.tagmanager.zzbg$zza: com.google.android.gms.tagmanager.zzbg$zza[] values()
com.google.android.gms.tagmanager.zzbn$zza: com.google.android.gms.tagmanager.zzbn$zza[] values()
com.google.android.gms.tagmanager.zzcj$zza: com.google.android.gms.tagmanager.zzcj$zza[] values()
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId: com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId getInstance(com.google.firebase.FirebaseApp)
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdInternalReceiver
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdInternalReceiver: FirebaseInstanceIdInternalReceiver()
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver: FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver()
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdService
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdService: FirebaseInstanceIdService()
com.google.firebase.iid.zzb: zzb()
com.google.firebase.provider.FirebaseInitProvider
com.google.firebase.provider.FirebaseInitProvider: FirebaseInitProvider()
com.watabou.noosa.Game: Game(java.lang.Class)
com.watabou.noosa.audio.Music: com.watabou.noosa.audio.Music[] values()
com.watabou.noosa.audio.Music: com.watabou.noosa.audio.Music valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.noosa.audio.Sample: com.watabou.noosa.audio.Sample[] values()
com.watabou.noosa.audio.Sample: com.watabou.noosa.audio.Sample valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Badges$Badge: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Badges$Badge[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Badges$Badge: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Badges$Badge valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Chrome$Type: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Chrome$Type[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Chrome$Type: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Chrome$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Journal$Feature: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Journal$Feature[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Journal$Feature: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Journal$Feature valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.PixelDungeon
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.PixelDungeon: PixelDungeon()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Preferences: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Preferences[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Preferences: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Preferences valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Rankings: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Rankings[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Rankings: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Rankings valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Rankings$gameOver: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Rankings$gameOver[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Rankings$gameOver: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.Rankings$gameOver valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroClass: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroClass[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroClass: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroClass valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroSubClass: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroSubClass[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroSubClass: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.actors.hero.HeroSubClass valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Fraction: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Fraction[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Fraction: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.actors.mobs.Fraction valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.BadgeBanner$State: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.BadgeBanner$State[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.BadgeBanner$State: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.BadgeBanner$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.BannerSprites$Type: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.BannerSprites$Type[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.BannerSprites$Type: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.BannerSprites$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.Effects$Type: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.Effects$Type[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.Effects$Type: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.Effects$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.SpellSprite$Phase: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.SpellSprite$Phase[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.SpellSprite$Phase: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.effects.SpellSprite$Phase valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.items.Generator$Category: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.items.Generator$Category[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.items.Generator$Category: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.items.Generator$Category valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.items.Heap$Type: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.items.Heap$Type[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.items.Heap$Type: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.items.Heap$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.items.weapon.Weapon$Imbue: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.items.weapon.Weapon$Imbue[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.items.weapon.Weapon$Imbue: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.items.weapon.Weapon$Imbue valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.levels.Level$Feeling: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.levels.Level$Feeling[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.levels.Level$Feeling: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.levels.Level$Feeling valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.levels.Room$Door$Type: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.levels.Room$Door$Type[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.levels.Room$Door$Type: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.levels.Room$Door$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.levels.Room$Type: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.levels.Room$Type[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.levels.Room$Type: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.levels.Room$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$Mode: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$Mode[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$Mode: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$Mode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$Phase: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$Phase[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$Phase: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.scenes.InterlevelScene$Phase valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.sprites.CharSprite$State: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.sprites.CharSprite$State[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.sprites.CharSprite$State: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.sprites.CharSprite$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.sprites.PlantSprite$State: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.sprites.PlantSprite$State[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.sprites.PlantSprite$State: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.sprites.PlantSprite$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.ui.Banner$State: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.ui.Banner$State[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.ui.Banner$State: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.ui.Banner$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.ui.Icons: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.ui.Icons[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.ui.Icons: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.ui.Icons valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.windows.WndBag$Mode: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.windows.WndBag$Mode[] values()
com.watabou.pixeldungeon.windows.WndBag$Mode: com.watabou.pixeldungeon.windows.WndBag$Mode valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.acra.ACRA
org.acra.ACRA: boolean DEV_LOGGING
org.acra.ACRA: java.lang.String LOG_TAG
org.acra.ACRA: org.acra.log.ACRALog log
org.acra.ACRA: java.lang.String ACRA_PRIVATE_PROCESS_NAME
org.acra.ACRA: java.lang.String PREF_DISABLE_ACRA
org.acra.ACRA: java.lang.String PREF_ENABLE_ACRA
org.acra.ACRA: java.lang.String PREF_ENABLE_SYSTEM_LOGS
org.acra.ACRA: java.lang.String PREF_ENABLE_DEVICE_ID
org.acra.ACRA: java.lang.String PREF_USER_EMAIL_ADDRESS
org.acra.ACRA: java.lang.String PREF_ALWAYS_ACCEPT
org.acra.ACRA: java.lang.String PREF_LAST_VERSION_NR
org.acra.ACRA: java.lang.String PREF__LEGACY_ALREADY_CONVERTED_TO_4_8_0
org.acra.ACRA: android.app.Application mApplication
org.acra.ACRA: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration configProxy
org.acra.ACRA: org.acra.ErrorReporter errorReporterSingleton
org.acra.ACRA: android.content.SharedPreferences$OnSharedPreferenceChangeListener mPrefListener
org.acra.ACRA: ACRA()
org.acra.ACRA: void init(android.app.Application)
org.acra.ACRA: void init(android.app.Application,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration)
org.acra.ACRA: void init(android.app.Application,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration,boolean)
org.acra.ACRA: boolean isInitialised()
org.acra.ACRA: boolean isACRASenderServiceProcess(android.app.Application)
org.acra.ACRA: java.lang.String getCurrentProcessName(android.app.Application)
org.acra.ACRA: org.acra.ErrorReporter getErrorReporter()
org.acra.ACRA: boolean shouldDisableACRA(android.content.SharedPreferences)
org.acra.ACRA: android.content.SharedPreferences getACRASharedPreferences()
org.acra.ACRA: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration getConfig()
org.acra.ACRA: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration getNewDefaultConfig(android.app.Application)
org.acra.ACRA: void setLog(org.acra.log.ACRALog)
org.acra.ACRA: boolean access$000(android.content.SharedPreferences)
org.acra.ACRA: void <clinit>()
org.acra.ACRA$1
org.acra.ACRA$1: ACRA$1()
org.acra.ACRA$1: void onSharedPreferenceChanged(android.content.SharedPreferences,java.lang.String)
org.acra.ACRAConstants
org.acra.ACRAConstants: java.lang.String REPORTFILE_EXTENSION
org.acra.ACRAConstants: java.lang.String APPROVED_SUFFIX
org.acra.ACRAConstants: java.lang.String SILENT_SUFFIX
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int MAX_SEND_REPORTS
org.acra.ACRAConstants: java.lang.String EXTRA_REPORT_FILE
org.acra.ACRAConstants: java.lang.String EXTRA_REPORT_FILE_NAME
org.acra.ACRAConstants: java.lang.String EXTRA_REPORT_EXCEPTION
org.acra.ACRAConstants: java.lang.String EXTRA_REPORT_CONFIG
org.acra.ACRAConstants: java.lang.String EXTRA_FORCE_CANCEL
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int NOTIF_CRASH_ID
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int TOAST_WAIT_DURATION
org.acra.ACRAConstants: java.lang.String NULL_VALUE
org.acra.ACRAConstants: boolean DEFAULT_FORCE_CLOSE_DIALOG_AFTER_TOAST
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int DEFAULT_SOCKET_TIMEOUT
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int DEFAULT_CONNECTION_TIMEOUT
org.acra.ACRAConstants: boolean DEFAULT_DELETE_UNAPPROVED_REPORTS_ON_APPLICATION_START
org.acra.ACRAConstants: boolean DEFAULT_DELETE_OLD_UNSENT_REPORTS_ON_APPLICATION_START
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int DEFAULT_DROPBOX_COLLECTION_MINUTES
org.acra.ACRAConstants: boolean DEFAULT_INCLUDE_DROPBOX_SYSTEM_TAGS
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int DEFAULT_SHARED_PREFERENCES_MODE
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int DEFAULT_NOTIFICATION_ICON
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int DEFAULT_DIALOG_ICON
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int DEFAULT_DIALOG_POSITIVE_BUTTON_TEXT
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int DEFAULT_DIALOG_NEGATIVE_BUTTON_TEXT
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int DEFAULT_RES_VALUE
org.acra.ACRAConstants: java.lang.String DEFAULT_STRING_VALUE
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int DEFAULT_LOGCAT_LINES
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int DEFAULT_BUFFER_SIZE_IN_BYTES
org.acra.ACRAConstants: boolean DEFAULT_LOGCAT_FILTER_BY_PID
org.acra.ACRAConstants: boolean DEFAULT_SEND_REPORTS_IN_DEV_MODE
org.acra.ACRAConstants: boolean DEFAULT_SEND_REPORTS_AT_SHUTDOWN
org.acra.ACRAConstants: java.lang.String DEFAULT_APPLICATION_LOGFILE
org.acra.ACRAConstants: int DEFAULT_APPLICATION_LOGFILE_LINES
org.acra.ACRAConstants: org.acra.ReportField[] DEFAULT_MAIL_REPORT_FIELDS
org.acra.ACRAConstants: org.acra.ReportField[] DEFAULT_REPORT_FIELDS
org.acra.ACRAConstants: java.lang.String DATE_TIME_FORMAT_STRING
org.acra.ACRAConstants: ACRAConstants()
org.acra.ACRAConstants: void <clinit>()
org.acra.CrashReportDialog
org.acra.CrashReportDialog: CrashReportDialog()
org.acra.CrashReportDialog: void buildAndShowDialog(android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.ErrorReporter
org.acra.ErrorReporter: boolean supportedAndroidVersion
org.acra.ErrorReporter: android.app.Application context
org.acra.ErrorReporter: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration config
org.acra.ErrorReporter: org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory crashReportDataFactory
org.acra.ErrorReporter: org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor reportExecutor
org.acra.ErrorReporter: org.acra.ExceptionHandlerInitializer exceptionHandlerInitializer
org.acra.ErrorReporter: ErrorReporter(android.app.Application,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration,android.content.SharedPreferences,boolean,boolean,boolean)
org.acra.ErrorReporter: void addCustomData(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.ErrorReporter: java.lang.String putCustomData(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.ErrorReporter: void setExceptionHandlerInitializer(org.acra.ExceptionHandlerInitializer)
org.acra.ErrorReporter: java.lang.String removeCustomData(java.lang.String)
org.acra.ErrorReporter: void clearCustomData()
org.acra.ErrorReporter: java.lang.String getCustomData(java.lang.String)
org.acra.ErrorReporter: void uncaughtException(java.lang.Thread,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.ErrorReporter: void handleSilentException(java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.ErrorReporter: void setEnabled(boolean)
org.acra.ErrorReporter: void checkReportsOnApplicationStart()
org.acra.ErrorReporter: void handleException(java.lang.Throwable,boolean)
org.acra.ErrorReporter: void handleException(java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.ErrorReporter: void performDeprecatedReportPriming()
org.acra.ErrorReporter: org.acra.builder.ReportPrimer getReportPrimer(org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration)
org.acra.ErrorReporter$1
org.acra.ErrorReporter$1: org.acra.ErrorReporter this$0
org.acra.ErrorReporter$1: ErrorReporter$1(org.acra.ErrorReporter)
org.acra.ErrorReporter$1: void initializeExceptionHandler(org.acra.ErrorReporter)
org.acra.ErrorReporter$2
org.acra.ErrorReporter$2: org.acra.ErrorReporter this$0
org.acra.ErrorReporter$2: ErrorReporter$2(org.acra.ErrorReporter)
org.acra.ErrorReporter$2: void initializeExceptionHandler(org.acra.ErrorReporter)
org.acra.ExceptionHandlerInitializer
org.acra.ExceptionHandlerInitializer: void initializeExceptionHandler(org.acra.ErrorReporter)
org.acra.ReportField
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField REPORT_ID
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField APP_VERSION_CODE
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField APP_VERSION_NAME
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField PACKAGE_NAME
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField FILE_PATH
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField PHONE_MODEL
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField ANDROID_VERSION
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField BUILD
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField BRAND
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField PRODUCT
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField TOTAL_MEM_SIZE
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField AVAILABLE_MEM_SIZE
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField BUILD_CONFIG
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField CUSTOM_DATA
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField STACK_TRACE
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField STACK_TRACE_HASH
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField INITIAL_CONFIGURATION
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField CRASH_CONFIGURATION
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField DISPLAY
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField USER_COMMENT
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField USER_APP_START_DATE
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField USER_CRASH_DATE
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField DUMPSYS_MEMINFO
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField DROPBOX
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField LOGCAT
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField EVENTSLOG
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField RADIOLOG
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField IS_SILENT
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField DEVICE_ID
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField INSTALLATION_ID
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField USER_EMAIL
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField DEVICE_FEATURES
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField ENVIRONMENT
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField SETTINGS_SYSTEM
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField SETTINGS_SECURE
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField SETTINGS_GLOBAL
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField SHARED_PREFERENCES
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField APPLICATION_LOG
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField MEDIA_CODEC_LIST
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField THREAD_DETAILS
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField USER_IP
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField[] $VALUES
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField[] values()
org.acra.ReportField: org.acra.ReportField valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.acra.ReportField: ReportField(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.ReportField: boolean containsKeyValuePairs()
org.acra.ReportField: ReportField(java.lang.String,int,org.acra.ReportField$1)
org.acra.ReportField: void <clinit>()
org.acra.ReportField$1
org.acra.ReportField$1: ReportField$1(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.ReportField$1: boolean containsKeyValuePairs()
org.acra.ReportField$10
org.acra.ReportField$10: ReportField$10(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.ReportField$10: boolean containsKeyValuePairs()
org.acra.ReportField$11
org.acra.ReportField$11: ReportField$11(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.ReportField$11: boolean containsKeyValuePairs()
org.acra.ReportField$12
org.acra.ReportField$12: ReportField$12(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.ReportField$12: boolean containsKeyValuePairs()
org.acra.ReportField$2
org.acra.ReportField$2: ReportField$2(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.ReportField$2: boolean containsKeyValuePairs()
org.acra.ReportField$3
org.acra.ReportField$3: ReportField$3(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.ReportField$3: boolean containsKeyValuePairs()
org.acra.ReportField$4
org.acra.ReportField$4: ReportField$4(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.ReportField$4: boolean containsKeyValuePairs()
org.acra.ReportField$5
org.acra.ReportField$5: ReportField$5(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.ReportField$5: boolean containsKeyValuePairs()
org.acra.ReportField$6
org.acra.ReportField$6: ReportField$6(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.ReportField$6: boolean containsKeyValuePairs()
org.acra.ReportField$7
org.acra.ReportField$7: ReportField$7(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.ReportField$7: boolean containsKeyValuePairs()
org.acra.ReportField$8
org.acra.ReportField$8: ReportField$8(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.ReportField$8: boolean containsKeyValuePairs()
org.acra.ReportField$9
org.acra.ReportField$9: ReportField$9(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.ReportField$9: boolean containsKeyValuePairs()
org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode
org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode: org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode SILENT
org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode: org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode NOTIFICATION
org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode: org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode TOAST
org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode: org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode DIALOG
org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode: org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode[] $VALUES
org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode: org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode[] values()
org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode: org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode: ReportingInteractionMode(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode: void <clinit>()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.String formUri()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode mode()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int resDialogPositiveButtonText()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int resDialogNegativeButtonText()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int resDialogCommentPrompt()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int resDialogEmailPrompt()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int resDialogIcon()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int resDialogOkToast()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int resDialogText()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int resDialogTitle()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int resNotifIcon()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int resNotifText()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int resNotifTickerText()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int resNotifTitle()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int resToastText()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.String sharedPreferencesName()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int sharedPreferencesMode()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: boolean includeDropBoxSystemTags()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.String[] additionalDropBoxTags()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int dropboxCollectionMinutes()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.String[] logcatArguments()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.String formUriBasicAuthLogin()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.String formUriBasicAuthPassword()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: org.acra.ReportField[] customReportContent()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.String mailTo()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: boolean deleteUnapprovedReportsOnApplicationStart()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: boolean deleteOldUnsentReportsOnApplicationStart()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int connectionTimeout()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int socketTimeout()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: boolean forceCloseDialogAfterToast()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.String[] additionalSharedPreferences()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: boolean logcatFilterByPid()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: boolean sendReportsInDevMode()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: boolean sendReportsAtShutdown()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.String[] excludeMatchingSharedPreferencesKeys()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.String[] excludeMatchingSettingsKeys()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.Class buildConfigClass()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.Class[] reportSenderFactoryClasses()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.String applicationLogFile()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: int applicationLogFileLines()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.Class reportDialogClass()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: java.lang.Class reportPrimerClass()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method httpMethod()
org.acra.annotation.ReportsCrashes: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type reportType()
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager: java.lang.ref.WeakReference lastActivityCreated
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager: LastActivityManager(android.app.Application)
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager: android.app.Activity getLastActivity()
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager: void clearLastActivity()
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager: java.lang.ref.WeakReference access$002(org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager,java.lang.ref.WeakReference)
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager$1
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager$1: org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager this$0
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager$1: LastActivityManager$1(org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager)
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager$1: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager$1: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager$1: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager$1: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager$1: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager$1: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager$1: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.builder.NoOpReportPrimer
org.acra.builder.NoOpReportPrimer: NoOpReportPrimer()
org.acra.builder.NoOpReportPrimer: void primeReport(android.content.Context,org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder)
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: java.lang.String message
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: java.lang.Thread uncaughtExceptionThread
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: java.lang.Throwable exception
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: java.util.Map customData
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: boolean sendSilently
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: boolean endApplication
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: ReportBuilder()
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder message(java.lang.String)
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: java.lang.String getMessage()
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder uncaughtExceptionThread(java.lang.Thread)
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: java.lang.Thread getUncaughtExceptionThread()
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder exception(java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: java.lang.Throwable getException()
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder customData(java.util.Map)
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder customData(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: java.util.Map getCustomData()
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder sendSilently()
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: boolean isSendSilently()
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder endApplication()
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: boolean isEndApplication()
org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder: void build(org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: android.content.Context context
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration config
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory crashReportDataFactory
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager lastActivityManager
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: java.lang.Thread$UncaughtExceptionHandler defaultExceptionHandler
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: org.acra.builder.ReportPrimer reportPrimer
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: boolean enabled
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: boolean toastWaitEnded
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: int mNotificationCounter
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: ReportExecutor(android.content.Context,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration,org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory,org.acra.builder.LastActivityManager,java.lang.Thread$UncaughtExceptionHandler,org.acra.builder.ReportPrimer)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: void handReportToDefaultExceptionHandler(java.lang.Thread,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: boolean isEnabled()
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: void setEnabled(boolean)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: void execute(org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: void endApplication(java.lang.Thread,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: void startSendingReports(boolean,boolean)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: void createNotification(java.io.File,org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: java.io.File getReportFileName(org.acra.collector.CrashReportData)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: void saveCrashReportFile(java.io.File,org.acra.collector.CrashReportData)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: android.content.Intent createCrashReportDialogIntent(java.io.File,org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: android.content.Context access$100(org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration access$200(org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: boolean access$402(org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor,boolean)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: boolean access$400(org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: android.content.Intent access$500(org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor,java.io.File,org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: void access$600(org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor,java.lang.Thread,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor: void <clinit>()
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$1
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$1: org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$TimeHelper val$sentToastTimeMillis
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$1: org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor this$0
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$1: ReportExecutor$1(org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor,org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$TimeHelper)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$1: void run()
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$2
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$2: org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$TimeHelper val$sentToastTimeMillis
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$2: org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor this$0
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$2: ReportExecutor$2(org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor,org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$TimeHelper)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$2: void run()
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$3
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$3: boolean val$showDirectDialog
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$3: java.io.File val$reportFile
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$3: org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder val$reportBuilder
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$3: org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor this$0
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$3: ReportExecutor$3(org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor,boolean,java.io.File,org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$3: void run()
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$TimeHelper
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$TimeHelper: java.lang.Long initialTimeMillis
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$TimeHelper: ReportExecutor$TimeHelper()
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$TimeHelper: void setInitialTimeMillis(long)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$TimeHelper: long getElapsedTime()
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$TimeHelper: ReportExecutor$TimeHelper(org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$1)
org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$TimeHelper: java.lang.Long access$300(org.acra.builder.ReportExecutor$TimeHelper)
org.acra.builder.ReportPrimer
org.acra.builder.ReportPrimer: void primeReport(android.content.Context,org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder)
org.acra.collector.CollectorUtil
org.acra.collector.CollectorUtil: CollectorUtil()
org.acra.collector.CollectorUtil: void safeClose(java.io.Reader)
org.acra.collector.Compatibility
org.acra.collector.Compatibility: Compatibility()
org.acra.collector.Compatibility: int getAPILevel()
org.acra.collector.Compatibility: java.lang.String getDropBoxServiceName()
org.acra.collector.Compatibility$VERSION_CODES
org.acra.collector.Compatibility$VERSION_CODES: int ECLAIR
org.acra.collector.Compatibility$VERSION_CODES: int FROYO
org.acra.collector.Compatibility$VERSION_CODES: int ICE_CREAM_SANDWICH
org.acra.collector.Compatibility$VERSION_CODES: int JELLY_BEAN
org.acra.collector.Compatibility$VERSION_CODES: int JELLY_BEAN_MR1
org.acra.collector.Compatibility$VERSION_CODES: int LOLLIPOP
org.acra.collector.Compatibility$VERSION_CODES: org.acra.collector.Compatibility this$0
org.acra.collector.Compatibility$VERSION_CODES: Compatibility$VERSION_CODES(org.acra.collector.Compatibility)
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String SUFFIX_MASK
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String FIELD_SCREENLAYOUT
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String FIELD_UIMODE
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String FIELD_MNC
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String FIELD_MCC
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String PREFIX_UI_MODE
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String PREFIX_TOUCHSCREEN
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String PREFIX_SCREENLAYOUT
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String PREFIX_ORIENTATION
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String PREFIX_NAVIGATIONHIDDEN
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String PREFIX_NAVIGATION
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String PREFIX_KEYBOARDHIDDEN
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String PREFIX_KEYBOARD
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String PREFIX_HARDKEYBOARDHIDDEN
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.util.HashMap mValueArrays
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: ConfigurationCollector()
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String toString(android.content.res.Configuration)
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String getFieldValueName(android.content.res.Configuration,java.lang.reflect.Field)
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String activeFlags(android.util.SparseArray,int)
org.acra.collector.ConfigurationCollector: java.lang.String collectConfiguration(android.content.Context)
org.acra.collector.CrashReportData
org.acra.collector.CrashReportData: long serialVersionUID
org.acra.collector.CrashReportData: CrashReportData()
org.acra.collector.CrashReportData: java.lang.String getProperty(org.acra.ReportField)
org.acra.collector.CrashReportData: org.json.JSONObject toJSON()
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: android.content.Context context
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration config
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: android.content.SharedPreferences prefs
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: java.util.Map customParameters
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: java.util.Calendar appStartDate
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: java.lang.String initialConfiguration
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: CrashReportDataFactory(android.content.Context,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration,android.content.SharedPreferences,java.util.Calendar,java.lang.String)
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: java.lang.String putCustomData(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: java.lang.String removeCustomData(java.lang.String)
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: void clearCustomData()
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: java.lang.String getCustomData(java.lang.String)
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: org.acra.collector.CrashReportData createCrashData(org.acra.builder.ReportBuilder)
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: java.lang.String createCustomInfoString(java.util.Map)
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: java.lang.String getStackTrace(java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: java.lang.String getStackTraceHash(java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.collector.CrashReportDataFactory: java.lang.Class getBuildConfigClass()
org.acra.collector.DeviceFeaturesCollector
org.acra.collector.DeviceFeaturesCollector: DeviceFeaturesCollector()
org.acra.collector.DeviceFeaturesCollector: java.lang.String getFeatures(android.content.Context)
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: android.util.SparseArray mFlagsNames
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: android.util.SparseArray mDensities
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: DisplayManagerCollector()
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: java.lang.String collectDisplays(android.content.Context)
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: java.lang.Object collectDisplayData(android.view.Display)
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: java.lang.Object collectIsValid(android.view.Display)
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: java.lang.Object collectRotation(android.view.Display)
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: java.lang.Object collectRectSize(android.view.Display)
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: java.lang.Object collectSize(android.view.Display,java.lang.String)
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: java.lang.String collectCurrentSizeRange(android.view.Display)
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: java.lang.String collectFlags(android.view.Display)
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: java.lang.String collectName(android.view.Display)
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: java.lang.Object collectMetrics(android.view.Display,java.lang.String)
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: java.lang.String activeFlags(android.util.SparseArray,int)
org.acra.collector.DisplayManagerCollector: void <clinit>()
org.acra.collector.DropBoxCollector
org.acra.collector.DropBoxCollector: java.lang.String[] SYSTEM_TAGS
org.acra.collector.DropBoxCollector: java.lang.String NO_RESULT
org.acra.collector.DropBoxCollector: DropBoxCollector()
org.acra.collector.DropBoxCollector: java.lang.String read(android.content.Context,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration)
org.acra.collector.DropBoxCollector: void <clinit>()
org.acra.collector.DumpSysCollector
org.acra.collector.DumpSysCollector: DumpSysCollector()
org.acra.collector.DumpSysCollector: java.lang.String collectMemInfo()
org.acra.collector.LogCatCollector
org.acra.collector.LogCatCollector: int DEFAULT_TAIL_COUNT
org.acra.collector.LogCatCollector: LogCatCollector()
org.acra.collector.LogCatCollector: java.lang.String collectLogCat(org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration,java.lang.String)
org.acra.collector.LogCatCollector$1
org.acra.collector.LogCatCollector$1: java.lang.Process val$process
org.acra.collector.LogCatCollector$1: org.acra.collector.LogCatCollector this$0
org.acra.collector.LogCatCollector$1: LogCatCollector$1(org.acra.collector.LogCatCollector,java.lang.Process)
org.acra.collector.LogCatCollector$1: void run()
org.acra.collector.LogFileCollector
org.acra.collector.LogFileCollector: LogFileCollector()
org.acra.collector.LogFileCollector: java.lang.String collectLogFile(android.content.Context,java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.collector.LogFileCollector: java.io.BufferedReader getReader(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.String COLOR_FORMAT_PREFIX
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.String[] MPEG4_TYPES
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.String[] AVC_TYPES
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.String[] H263_TYPES
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.String[] AAC_TYPES
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.Class mediaCodecListClass
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.reflect.Method getCodecInfoAtMethod
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.Class mediaCodecInfoClass
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.reflect.Method getNameMethod
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.reflect.Method isEncoderMethod
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.reflect.Method getSupportedTypesMethod
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.reflect.Method getCapabilitiesForTypeMethod
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.Class codecCapabilitiesClass
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.reflect.Field colorFormatsField
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.reflect.Field profileLevelsField
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.reflect.Field profileField
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.reflect.Field levelField
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: android.util.SparseArray mColorFormatValues
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: android.util.SparseArray mAVCLevelValues
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: android.util.SparseArray mAVCProfileValues
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: android.util.SparseArray mH263LevelValues
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: android.util.SparseArray mH263ProfileValues
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: android.util.SparseArray mMPEG4LevelValues
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: android.util.SparseArray mMPEG4ProfileValues
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: android.util.SparseArray mAACProfileValues
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: MediaCodecListCollector()
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.String collecMediaCodecList()
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: java.lang.String collectCapabilitiesForType(java.lang.Object,java.lang.String)
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType identifyCodecType(java.lang.Object)
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector: void <clinit>()
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$1
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$1: int[] $SwitchMap$org$acra$collector$MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$1: void <clinit>()
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType: org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType AVC
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType: org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType H263
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType: org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType MPEG4
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType: org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType AAC
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType: org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType[] $VALUES
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType: org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType[] values()
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType: org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType: MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.collector.MediaCodecListCollector$CodecType: void <clinit>()
org.acra.collector.ReflectionCollector
org.acra.collector.ReflectionCollector: ReflectionCollector()
org.acra.collector.ReflectionCollector: java.lang.String collectConstants(java.lang.Class,java.lang.String)
org.acra.collector.ReflectionCollector: java.lang.String collectStaticGettersResults(java.lang.Class)
org.acra.collector.ReflectionCollector: java.lang.String collectConstants(java.lang.Class)
org.acra.collector.SettingsCollector
org.acra.collector.SettingsCollector: android.content.Context context
org.acra.collector.SettingsCollector: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration config
org.acra.collector.SettingsCollector: SettingsCollector(android.content.Context,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration)
org.acra.collector.SettingsCollector: java.lang.String collectSystemSettings()
org.acra.collector.SettingsCollector: java.lang.String collectSecureSettings()
org.acra.collector.SettingsCollector: java.lang.String collectGlobalSettings()
org.acra.collector.SettingsCollector: boolean isAuthorized(java.lang.reflect.Field)
org.acra.collector.SharedPreferencesCollector
org.acra.collector.SharedPreferencesCollector: android.content.Context context
org.acra.collector.SharedPreferencesCollector: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration config
org.acra.collector.SharedPreferencesCollector: SharedPreferencesCollector(android.content.Context,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration)
org.acra.collector.SharedPreferencesCollector: java.lang.String collect()
org.acra.collector.SharedPreferencesCollector: boolean filteredKey(java.lang.String)
org.acra.collector.ThreadCollector
org.acra.collector.ThreadCollector: ThreadCollector()
org.acra.collector.ThreadCollector: java.lang.String collect(java.lang.Thread)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfig
org.acra.config.ACRAConfig: java.util.Map getHttpHeaders()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfig: java.security.KeyStore keyStore()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfig: java.util.List getReportFields()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Class annotationType
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String[] additionalDropBoxTags
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String[] additionalSharedPreferences
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer connectionTimeout
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.ReportField[] customReportContent
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Boolean deleteUnapprovedReportsOnApplicationStart
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Boolean deleteOldUnsentReportsOnApplicationStart
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer dropboxCollectionMinutes
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Boolean forceCloseDialogAfterToast
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String formUri
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String formUriBasicAuthLogin
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String formUriBasicAuthPassword
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Boolean includeDropBoxSystemTags
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String[] logcatArguments
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String mailTo
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode reportingInteractionMode
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Class reportDialogClass
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Class reportPrimerClass
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer resDialogPositiveButtonText
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer resDialogNegativeButtonText
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer resDialogCommentPrompt
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer resDialogEmailPrompt
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer resDialogIcon
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer resDialogOkToast
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer resDialogText
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer resDialogTitle
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer resNotifIcon
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer resNotifText
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer resNotifTickerText
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer resNotifTitle
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer resToastText
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer sharedPreferencesMode
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String sharedPreferencesName
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer socketTimeout
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Boolean logcatFilterByPid
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Boolean sendReportsInDevMode
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Boolean sendReportsAtShutdown
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String[] excludeMatchingSharedPreferencesKeys
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String[] excludeMatchingSettingsKeys
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Class buildConfigClass
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String applicationLogFile
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Integer applicationLogFileLines
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method httpMethod
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type reportType
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.util.Map httpHeaders
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.security.KeyStore keyStore
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Class[] reportSenderFactoryClasses
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: ACRAConfiguration(org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: ACRAConfiguration()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setHttpHeaders(java.util.Map)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.util.Map getHttpHeaders()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.util.List getReportFields()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setAdditionalDropboxTags(java.lang.String[])
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setAdditionalSharedPreferences(java.lang.String[])
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setConnectionTimeout(java.lang.Integer)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setCustomReportContent(org.acra.ReportField[])
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setDeleteUnapprovedReportsOnApplicationStart(java.lang.Boolean)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setDeleteOldUnsentReportsOnApplicationStart(java.lang.Boolean)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setDropboxCollectionMinutes(java.lang.Integer)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setForceCloseDialogAfterToast(java.lang.Boolean)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setFormUri(java.lang.String)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setFormUriBasicAuthLogin(java.lang.String)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setFormUriBasicAuthPassword(java.lang.String)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setIncludeDropboxSystemTags(java.lang.Boolean)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setLogcatArguments(java.lang.String[])
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setMailTo(java.lang.String)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setMode(org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setResDialogPositiveButtonText(int)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setResDialogNegativeButtonText(int)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setReportDialogClass(java.lang.Class)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setResDialogCommentPrompt(int)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setResDialogEmailPrompt(int)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setResDialogIcon(int)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setResDialogOkToast(int)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setResDialogText(int)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setResDialogTitle(int)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setResNotifIcon(int)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setResNotifText(int)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setResNotifTickerText(int)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setResNotifTitle(int)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setResToastText(int)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setSharedPreferenceMode(java.lang.Integer)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setSharedPreferenceName(java.lang.String)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setSocketTimeout(java.lang.Integer)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setLogcatFilterByPid(java.lang.Boolean)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setSendReportsInDevMode(java.lang.Boolean)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setSendReportsAtShutdown(java.lang.Boolean)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setExcludeMatchingSharedPreferencesKeys(java.lang.String[])
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setExcludeMatchingSettingsKeys(java.lang.String[])
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setBuildConfigClass(java.lang.Class)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setApplicationLogFile(java.lang.String)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setApplicationLogFileLines(int)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setHttpMethod(org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration setReportType(org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: void setKeyStore(java.security.KeyStore)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: void setReportSenderFactoryClasses(java.lang.Class[])
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String[] additionalDropBoxTags()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String[] additionalSharedPreferences()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Class annotationType()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int connectionTimeout()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.ReportField[] customReportContent()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: boolean deleteUnapprovedReportsOnApplicationStart()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: boolean deleteOldUnsentReportsOnApplicationStart()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int dropboxCollectionMinutes()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: boolean forceCloseDialogAfterToast()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String formUri()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String formUriBasicAuthLogin()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String formUriBasicAuthPassword()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: boolean includeDropBoxSystemTags()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String[] logcatArguments()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String mailTo()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode mode()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int resDialogPositiveButtonText()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int resDialogNegativeButtonText()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int resDialogCommentPrompt()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int resDialogEmailPrompt()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int resDialogIcon()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int resDialogOkToast()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int resDialogText()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int resDialogTitle()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int resNotifIcon()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int resNotifText()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int resNotifTickerText()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int resNotifTitle()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int resToastText()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int sharedPreferencesMode()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String sharedPreferencesName()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int socketTimeout()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: boolean logcatFilterByPid()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: boolean sendReportsInDevMode()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: boolean sendReportsAtShutdown()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String[] excludeMatchingSharedPreferencesKeys()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String[] excludeMatchingSettingsKeys()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Class buildConfigClass()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String applicationLogFile()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: int applicationLogFileLines()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Class reportDialogClass()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Class reportPrimerClass()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method httpMethod()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type reportType()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Class[] reportSenderFactoryClasses()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.security.KeyStore keyStore()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: void checkCrashResources()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.String[] copyArray(java.lang.String[])
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: org.acra.ReportField[] copyArray(org.acra.ReportField[])
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration: java.lang.Class[] copyArray(java.lang.Class[])
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration$1
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration$1: int[] $SwitchMap$org$acra$ReportingInteractionMode
org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration$1: void <clinit>()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfigurationException
org.acra.config.ACRAConfigurationException: long serialVersionUID
org.acra.config.ACRAConfigurationException: ACRAConfigurationException(java.lang.String)
org.acra.config.ACRAConfigurationFactory
org.acra.config.ACRAConfigurationFactory: ACRAConfigurationFactory()
org.acra.config.ACRAConfigurationFactory: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration create(android.app.Application)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Class annotationType
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.String[] additionalDropBoxTags
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.String[] additionalSharedPreferences
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer connectionTimeout
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.ReportField[] customReportContent
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Boolean deleteUnapprovedReportsOnApplicationStart
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Boolean deleteOldUnsentReportsOnApplicationStart
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer dropboxCollectionMinutes
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Boolean forceCloseDialogAfterToast
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.String formUri
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.String formUriBasicAuthLogin
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.String formUriBasicAuthPassword
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Boolean includeDropBoxSystemTags
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.String[] logcatArguments
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.String mailTo
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode reportingInteractionMode
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Class reportDialogClass
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Class reportPrimerClass
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer resDialogPositiveButtonText
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer resDialogNegativeButtonText
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer resDialogCommentPrompt
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer resDialogEmailPrompt
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer resDialogIcon
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer resDialogOkToast
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer resDialogText
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer resDialogTitle
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer resNotifIcon
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer resNotifText
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer resNotifTickerText
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer resNotifTitle
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer resToastText
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer sharedPreferencesMode
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.String sharedPreferencesName
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer socketTimeout
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Boolean logcatFilterByPid
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Boolean sendReportsInDevMode
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Boolean sendReportsAtShutdown
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.String[] excludeMatchingSharedPreferencesKeys
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.String[] excludeMatchingSettingsKeys
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Class buildConfigClass
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.String applicationLogFile
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Integer applicationLogFileLines
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method httpMethod
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type reportType
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.util.Map httpHeaders
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.security.KeyStore keyStore
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: java.lang.Class[] reportSenderFactoryClasses
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: ConfigurationBuilder(android.app.Application)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration build()
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setHttpHeaders(java.util.Map)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setAdditionalDropboxTags(java.lang.String[])
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setAdditionalSharedPreferences(java.lang.String[])
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setConnectionTimeout(java.lang.Integer)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setCustomReportContent(org.acra.ReportField[])
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setDeleteUnapprovedReportsOnApplicationStart(java.lang.Boolean)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setDeleteOldUnsentReportsOnApplicationStart(java.lang.Boolean)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setDropboxCollectionMinutes(java.lang.Integer)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setForceCloseDialogAfterToast(java.lang.Boolean)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setFormUri(java.lang.String)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setFormUriBasicAuthLogin(java.lang.String)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setFormUriBasicAuthPassword(java.lang.String)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setIncludeDropboxSystemTags(java.lang.Boolean)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setLogcatArguments(java.lang.String[])
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setMailTo(java.lang.String)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setMode(org.acra.ReportingInteractionMode)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setResDialogPositiveButtonText(int)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setResDialogNegativeButtonText(int)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setReportDialogClass(java.lang.Class)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setResDialogCommentPrompt(int)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setResDialogEmailPrompt(int)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setResDialogIcon(int)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setResDialogOkToast(int)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setResDialogText(int)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setResDialogTitle(int)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setResNotifIcon(int)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setResNotifText(int)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setResNotifTickerText(int)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setResNotifTitle(int)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setResToastText(int)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setSharedPreferenceMode(java.lang.Integer)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setSharedPreferenceName(java.lang.String)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setSocketTimeout(java.lang.Integer)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setLogcatFilterByPid(java.lang.Boolean)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setSendReportsInDevMode(java.lang.Boolean)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setSendReportsAtShutdown(java.lang.Boolean)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setExcludeMatchingSharedPreferencesKeys(java.lang.String[])
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setExcludeMatchingSettingsKeys(java.lang.String[])
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setBuildConfigClass(java.lang.Class)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setApplicationLogFile(java.lang.String)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setApplicationLogFileLines(int)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setHttpMethod(org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder setReportType(org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: void setKeyStore(java.security.KeyStore)
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: void setReportSenderFactoryClasses(java.lang.Class[])
org.acra.config.ConfigurationBuilder: void setReportPrimerClass(java.lang.Class)
org.acra.dialog.BaseCrashReportDialog
org.acra.dialog.BaseCrashReportDialog: java.io.File reportFile
org.acra.dialog.BaseCrashReportDialog: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration config
org.acra.dialog.BaseCrashReportDialog: BaseCrashReportDialog()
org.acra.dialog.BaseCrashReportDialog: void onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.dialog.BaseCrashReportDialog: void cancelReports()
org.acra.dialog.BaseCrashReportDialog: void sendCrash(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: java.lang.String STATE_EMAIL
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: java.lang.String STATE_COMMENT
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: android.widget.LinearLayout scrollable
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: android.widget.EditText userCommentView
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: android.widget.EditText userEmailView
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration config
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: org.acra.prefs.SharedPreferencesFactory sharedPreferencesFactory
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: android.app.AlertDialog mDialog
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: CrashReportDialog()
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: void onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: void buildAndShowDialog(android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: android.view.View buildCustomView(android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: void addViewToDialog(android.view.View)
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: android.view.View getMainView()
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: android.widget.EditText getCommentPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence)
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: android.widget.EditText getEmailPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence,java.lang.CharSequence)
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: void onClick(android.content.DialogInterface,int)
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: void onDismiss(android.content.DialogInterface)
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: void onSaveInstanceState(android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.dialog.CrashReportDialog: android.app.AlertDialog getDialog()
org.acra.file.BulkReportDeleter
org.acra.file.BulkReportDeleter: org.acra.file.ReportLocator reportLocator
org.acra.file.BulkReportDeleter: BulkReportDeleter(android.content.Context)
org.acra.file.BulkReportDeleter: void deleteReports(boolean,int)
org.acra.file.CrashReportFileNameParser
org.acra.file.CrashReportFileNameParser: CrashReportFileNameParser()
org.acra.file.CrashReportFileNameParser: boolean isSilent(java.lang.String)
org.acra.file.CrashReportFileNameParser: boolean isApproved(java.lang.String)
org.acra.file.CrashReportPersister
org.acra.file.CrashReportPersister: int NONE
org.acra.file.CrashReportPersister: int SLASH
org.acra.file.CrashReportPersister: int UNICODE
org.acra.file.CrashReportPersister: int CONTINUE
org.acra.file.CrashReportPersister: int KEY_DONE
org.acra.file.CrashReportPersister: int IGNORE
org.acra.file.CrashReportPersister: java.lang.String LINE_SEPARATOR
org.acra.file.CrashReportPersister: CrashReportPersister()
org.acra.file.CrashReportPersister: org.acra.collector.CrashReportData load(java.io.File)
org.acra.file.CrashReportPersister: void store(org.acra.collector.CrashReportData,java.io.File)
org.acra.file.CrashReportPersister: org.acra.collector.CrashReportData load(java.io.Reader)
org.acra.file.CrashReportPersister: void dumpString(java.lang.StringBuilder,java.lang.String,boolean)
org.acra.file.LastModifiedComparator
org.acra.file.LastModifiedComparator: LastModifiedComparator()
org.acra.file.LastModifiedComparator: int compare(java.io.File,java.io.File)
org.acra.file.LastModifiedComparator: int compare(java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
org.acra.file.ReportLocator
org.acra.file.ReportLocator: java.lang.String UNAPPROVED_FOLDER_NAME
org.acra.file.ReportLocator: java.lang.String APPROVED_FOLDER_NAME
org.acra.file.ReportLocator: android.content.Context context
org.acra.file.ReportLocator: ReportLocator(android.content.Context)
org.acra.file.ReportLocator: java.io.File getUnapprovedFolder()
org.acra.file.ReportLocator: java.io.File[] getUnapprovedReports()
org.acra.file.ReportLocator: java.io.File getApprovedFolder()
org.acra.file.ReportLocator: java.io.File[] getApprovedReports()
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksAdapter
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksAdapter: ActivityLifecycleCallbacksAdapter()
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksAdapter: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksAdapter: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksAdapter: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksAdapter: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksAdapter: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksAdapter: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksAdapter: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksCompat
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksCompat: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksCompat: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksCompat: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksCompat: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksCompat: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksCompat: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksCompat: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksWrapper
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksWrapper: org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksCompat mCallback
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksWrapper: ActivityLifecycleCallbacksWrapper(org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksCompat)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksWrapper: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksWrapper: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksWrapper: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksWrapper: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksWrapper: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksWrapper: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksWrapper: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksWrapper: boolean equals(java.lang.Object)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksWrapper: int hashCode()
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ApplicationHelper
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ApplicationHelper: ApplicationHelper()
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ApplicationHelper: void registerActivityLifecycleCallbacks(android.app.Application,org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksCompat)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ApplicationHelper: void unregisterActivityLifecycleCallbacks(android.app.Application,org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksCompat)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher INSTANCE
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: java.util.ArrayList mActivityLifecycleCallbacks
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher get()
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: MainLifecycleDispatcher()
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: void registerActivityLifecycleCallbacks(org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksCompat)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: void unregisterActivityLifecycleCallbacks(org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.ActivityLifecycleCallbacksCompat)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: java.lang.Object[] collectActivityLifecycleCallbacks()
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: void onActivityCreated(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: void onActivityStarted(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: void onActivityResumed(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: void onActivityPaused(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: void onActivityStopped(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: void onActivitySaveInstanceState(android.app.Activity,android.os.Bundle)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: void onActivityDestroyed(android.app.Activity)
org.acra.jraf.android.util.activitylifecyclecallbackscompat.MainLifecycleDispatcher: void <clinit>()
org.acra.legacy.ReportMigrator
org.acra.legacy.ReportMigrator: android.content.Context context
org.acra.legacy.ReportMigrator: org.acra.file.CrashReportFileNameParser fileNameParser
org.acra.legacy.ReportMigrator: org.acra.file.ReportLocator reportLocator
org.acra.legacy.ReportMigrator: ReportMigrator(android.content.Context)
org.acra.legacy.ReportMigrator: void migrate()
org.acra.legacy.ReportMigrator: java.io.File[] getCrashReportFiles()
org.acra.legacy.ReportMigrator$1
org.acra.legacy.ReportMigrator$1: org.acra.legacy.ReportMigrator this$0
org.acra.legacy.ReportMigrator$1: ReportMigrator$1(org.acra.legacy.ReportMigrator)
org.acra.legacy.ReportMigrator$1: boolean accept(java.io.File,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.ACRALog
org.acra.log.ACRALog: int v(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.ACRALog: int v(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.ACRALog: int d(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.ACRALog: int d(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.ACRALog: int i(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.ACRALog: int i(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.ACRALog: int w(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.ACRALog: int w(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.ACRALog: int w(java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.ACRALog: int e(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.ACRALog: int e(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.ACRALog: java.lang.String getStackTraceString(java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.AndroidLogDelegate
org.acra.log.AndroidLogDelegate: AndroidLogDelegate()
org.acra.log.AndroidLogDelegate: int v(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.AndroidLogDelegate: int v(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.AndroidLogDelegate: int d(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.AndroidLogDelegate: int d(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.AndroidLogDelegate: int i(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.AndroidLogDelegate: int i(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.AndroidLogDelegate: int w(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.AndroidLogDelegate: int w(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.AndroidLogDelegate: int w(java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.AndroidLogDelegate: int e(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.AndroidLogDelegate: int e(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.AndroidLogDelegate: java.lang.String getStackTraceString(java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.HollowLog
org.acra.log.HollowLog: HollowLog()
org.acra.log.HollowLog: int v(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.HollowLog: int v(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.HollowLog: int d(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.HollowLog: int d(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.HollowLog: int i(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.HollowLog: int i(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.HollowLog: int w(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.HollowLog: int w(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.HollowLog: int w(java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.HollowLog: int e(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.log.HollowLog: int e(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.log.HollowLog: java.lang.String getStackTraceString(java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.prefs.PrefUtils
org.acra.prefs.PrefUtils: PrefUtils()
org.acra.prefs.PrefUtils: void save(android.content.SharedPreferences$Editor)
org.acra.prefs.SharedPreferencesFactory
org.acra.prefs.SharedPreferencesFactory: android.content.Context context
org.acra.prefs.SharedPreferencesFactory: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration config
org.acra.prefs.SharedPreferencesFactory: SharedPreferencesFactory(android.content.Context,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration)
org.acra.prefs.SharedPreferencesFactory: android.content.SharedPreferences create()
org.acra.sender.DefaultReportSenderFactory
org.acra.sender.DefaultReportSenderFactory: DefaultReportSenderFactory()
org.acra.sender.DefaultReportSenderFactory: org.acra.sender.ReportSender create(android.content.Context,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration)
org.acra.sender.EmailIntentSender
org.acra.sender.EmailIntentSender: android.content.Context mContext
org.acra.sender.EmailIntentSender: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration config
org.acra.sender.EmailIntentSender: EmailIntentSender(android.content.Context,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration)
org.acra.sender.EmailIntentSender: void send(android.content.Context,org.acra.collector.CrashReportData)
org.acra.sender.EmailIntentSender: java.lang.String buildBody(org.acra.collector.CrashReportData)
org.acra.sender.EmailIntentSenderFactory
org.acra.sender.EmailIntentSenderFactory: EmailIntentSenderFactory()
org.acra.sender.EmailIntentSenderFactory: org.acra.sender.ReportSender create(android.content.Context,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration)
org.acra.sender.HttpSender
org.acra.sender.HttpSender: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration config
org.acra.sender.HttpSender: android.net.Uri mFormUri
org.acra.sender.HttpSender: java.util.Map mMapping
org.acra.sender.HttpSender: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method mMethod
org.acra.sender.HttpSender: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type mType
org.acra.sender.HttpSender: java.lang.String mUsername
org.acra.sender.HttpSender: java.lang.String mPassword
org.acra.sender.HttpSender: HttpSender(org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration,org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method,org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type,java.util.Map)
org.acra.sender.HttpSender: HttpSender(org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration,org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method,org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type,java.lang.String,java.util.Map)
org.acra.sender.HttpSender: void setBasicAuth(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
org.acra.sender.HttpSender: void send(android.content.Context,org.acra.collector.CrashReportData)
org.acra.sender.HttpSender: java.util.Map remap(java.util.Map)
org.acra.sender.HttpSender: boolean isNull(java.lang.String)
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$1
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$1: int[] $SwitchMap$org$acra$sender$HttpSender$Type
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$1: int[] $SwitchMap$org$acra$sender$HttpSender$Method
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$1: void <clinit>()
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method POST
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method PUT
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method[] $VALUES
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method[] values()
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method: HttpSender$Method(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method: void <clinit>()
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type FORM
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type JSON
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type[] $VALUES
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type[] values()
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type: org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type: HttpSender$Type(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type: java.lang.String getContentType()
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type: HttpSender$Type(java.lang.String,int,org.acra.sender.HttpSender$1)
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type: void <clinit>()
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type$1
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type$1: HttpSender$Type$1(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type$1: java.lang.String getContentType()
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type$2
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type$2: HttpSender$Type$2(java.lang.String,int)
org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type$2: java.lang.String getContentType()
org.acra.sender.HttpSenderFactory
org.acra.sender.HttpSenderFactory: HttpSenderFactory()
org.acra.sender.HttpSenderFactory: org.acra.sender.ReportSender create(android.content.Context,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration)
org.acra.sender.NullSender
org.acra.sender.NullSender: NullSender()
org.acra.sender.NullSender: void send(android.content.Context,org.acra.collector.CrashReportData)
org.acra.sender.ReportDistributor
org.acra.sender.ReportDistributor: android.content.Context context
org.acra.sender.ReportDistributor: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration config
org.acra.sender.ReportDistributor: java.util.List reportSenders
org.acra.sender.ReportDistributor: ReportDistributor(android.content.Context,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration,java.util.List)
org.acra.sender.ReportDistributor: void distribute(java.io.File)
org.acra.sender.ReportDistributor: void sendCrashReport(org.acra.collector.CrashReportData)
org.acra.sender.ReportDistributor: void deleteFile(java.io.File)
org.acra.sender.ReportDistributor: boolean isDebuggable()
org.acra.sender.ReportSender
org.acra.sender.ReportSender: void send(android.content.Context,org.acra.collector.CrashReportData)
org.acra.sender.ReportSenderException
org.acra.sender.ReportSenderException: ReportSenderException(java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.sender.ReportSenderException: ReportSenderException(java.lang.String)
org.acra.sender.ReportSenderFactory
org.acra.sender.ReportSenderFactory: org.acra.sender.ReportSender create(android.content.Context,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration)
org.acra.sender.SenderService
org.acra.sender.SenderService: java.lang.String EXTRA_ONLY_SEND_SILENT_REPORTS
org.acra.sender.SenderService: java.lang.String EXTRA_APPROVE_REPORTS_FIRST
org.acra.sender.SenderService: java.lang.String EXTRA_REPORT_SENDER_FACTORIES
org.acra.sender.SenderService: java.lang.String EXTRA_ACRA_CONFIG
org.acra.sender.SenderService: org.acra.file.ReportLocator locator
org.acra.sender.SenderService: SenderService()
org.acra.sender.SenderService: void onHandleIntent(android.content.Intent)
org.acra.sender.SenderService: java.util.List getSenderInstances(org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration,java.util.List)
org.acra.sender.SenderService: void markReportsAsApproved()
org.acra.sender.SenderServiceStarter
org.acra.sender.SenderServiceStarter: android.content.Context context
org.acra.sender.SenderServiceStarter: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration config
org.acra.sender.SenderServiceStarter: SenderServiceStarter(android.content.Context,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration)
org.acra.sender.SenderServiceStarter: void startService(boolean,boolean)
org.acra.util.ApplicationStartupProcessor
org.acra.util.ApplicationStartupProcessor: android.content.Context context
org.acra.util.ApplicationStartupProcessor: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration config
org.acra.util.ApplicationStartupProcessor: ApplicationStartupProcessor(android.content.Context,org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration)
org.acra.util.ApplicationStartupProcessor: void deleteUnsentReportsFromOldAppVersion()
org.acra.util.ApplicationStartupProcessor: void deleteAllUnapprovedReportsBarOne()
org.acra.util.ApplicationStartupProcessor: void sendApprovedReports()
org.acra.util.ApplicationStartupProcessor: int getAppVersion()
org.acra.util.ApplicationStartupProcessor: boolean hasNonSilentApprovedReports()
org.acra.util.BoundedLinkedList
org.acra.util.BoundedLinkedList: int maxSize
org.acra.util.BoundedLinkedList: BoundedLinkedList(int)
org.acra.util.BoundedLinkedList: boolean add(java.lang.Object)
org.acra.util.BoundedLinkedList: void add(int,java.lang.Object)
org.acra.util.BoundedLinkedList: boolean addAll(java.util.Collection)
org.acra.util.BoundedLinkedList: boolean addAll(int,java.util.Collection)
org.acra.util.BoundedLinkedList: void addFirst(java.lang.Object)
org.acra.util.BoundedLinkedList: void addLast(java.lang.Object)
org.acra.util.BoundedLinkedList: java.lang.String toString()
org.acra.util.HttpRequest
org.acra.util.HttpRequest: org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration config
org.acra.util.HttpRequest: java.lang.String login
org.acra.util.HttpRequest: java.lang.String password
org.acra.util.HttpRequest: int connectionTimeOut
org.acra.util.HttpRequest: int socketTimeOut
org.acra.util.HttpRequest: java.util.Map headers
org.acra.util.HttpRequest: HttpRequest(org.acra.config.ACRAConfiguration)
org.acra.util.HttpRequest: void setLogin(java.lang.String)
org.acra.util.HttpRequest: void setPassword(java.lang.String)
org.acra.util.HttpRequest: void setConnectionTimeOut(int)
org.acra.util.HttpRequest: void setSocketTimeOut(int)
org.acra.util.HttpRequest: void setHeaders(java.util.Map)
org.acra.util.HttpRequest: void send(java.net.URL,org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Method,java.lang.String,org.acra.sender.HttpSender$Type)
org.acra.util.HttpRequest: java.lang.String getParamsAsFormString(java.util.Map)
org.acra.util.Installation
org.acra.util.Installation: java.lang.String sID
org.acra.util.Installation: java.lang.String INSTALLATION
org.acra.util.Installation: Installation()
org.acra.util.Installation: java.lang.String id(android.content.Context)
org.acra.util.Installation: java.lang.String readInstallationFile(java.io.File)
org.acra.util.Installation: void writeInstallationFile(java.io.File)
org.acra.util.JSONReportBuilder
org.acra.util.JSONReportBuilder: JSONReportBuilder()
org.acra.util.JSONReportBuilder: org.json.JSONObject buildJSONReport(org.acra.collector.CrashReportData)
org.acra.util.JSONReportBuilder: void addJSONFromProperty(org.json.JSONObject,java.lang.String)
org.acra.util.JSONReportBuilder: java.lang.Object guessType(java.lang.String)
org.acra.util.JSONReportBuilder: void addJSONSubTree(org.json.JSONObject,java.lang.String[],java.lang.Object)
org.acra.util.JSONReportBuilder$JSONReportException
org.acra.util.JSONReportBuilder$JSONReportException: long serialVersionUID
org.acra.util.JSONReportBuilder$JSONReportException: JSONReportBuilder$JSONReportException(java.lang.String,java.lang.Throwable)
org.acra.util.NaiveTrustManager
org.acra.util.NaiveTrustManager: NaiveTrustManager()
org.acra.util.NaiveTrustManager: java.security.cert.X509Certificate[] getAcceptedIssuers()
org.acra.util.NaiveTrustManager: void checkClientTrusted(java.security.cert.X509Certificate[],java.lang.String)
org.acra.util.NaiveTrustManager: void checkServerTrusted(java.security.cert.X509Certificate[],java.lang.String)
org.acra.util.PackageManagerWrapper
org.acra.util.PackageManagerWrapper: android.content.Context context
org.acra.util.PackageManagerWrapper: PackageManagerWrapper(android.content.Context)
org.acra.util.PackageManagerWrapper: boolean hasPermission(java.lang.String)
org.acra.util.PackageManagerWrapper: android.content.pm.PackageInfo getPackageInfo()
org.acra.util.ReportUtils
org.acra.util.ReportUtils: ReportUtils()
org.acra.util.ReportUtils: long getAvailableInternalMemorySize()
org.acra.util.ReportUtils: long getTotalInternalMemorySize()
org.acra.util.ReportUtils: java.lang.String getDeviceId(android.content.Context)
org.acra.util.ReportUtils: java.lang.String getApplicationFilePath(android.content.Context)
org.acra.util.ReportUtils: java.lang.String sparseArrayToString(android.util.SparseArray)
org.acra.util.ReportUtils: java.lang.String getLocalIpAddress()
org.acra.util.ReportUtils: java.lang.String getTimeString(java.util.Calendar)
org.acra.util.ToastSender
org.acra.util.ToastSender: ToastSender()
org.acra.util.ToastSender: void sendToast(android.content.Context,int,int)
